ethereum/ethereum-org-website,441358336,59,"{'number': 59.0, 'repo': 'ethereum-org-website', 'user_login': 'ethereum'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'mirshko', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2019-05-07T17:49:57Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'This is a different and bold take on a new look for ethereum.org. Something the community can really look on with splendor, as something for the new people to the space, for existing creators of all fields, and for everyone. \r\n\r\nThis bit here will be expanded upon by @username_1', 'title': 'A Different Take', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'helsf', 'comment_id': 490189154.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-07 18:09:53+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""This is our proposition. It will still be a community project, even more so. We call upon a different part of the community, designers, comms people and creatives, those whose skills and experience seemed to be under-appreciated or ignored, and actually have the skills to execute this in a slick and timely manner. Also as this will be a portal for those who may be new to the space or want to learn more the content and design needs to be in such a way in which it can be easily digestible and navigated around.\r\n\r\nI surely don't need to explain why a website is the most important aspect of branding after a logo?! The importance for a website can not be overstated when it comes to onboarding new members of the community in order to reach our goal of decentralisation… In our lifetime.\r\n\r\nFinally, with all this talk about diversity… Why are we still looking to our technologists and coders to redesign our website. Clearly anyone with basic communications or business knowledge is aware that your website is essentially a major part of your reputation. I think our community is diverse enough now to reach out to the non devs and give them a chance to shape our technology too. I personally don’t remember learning about coding while I was studying communications, and I’m sure as hell computer science doesn’t have a module on branding and public relations. Correct me if i’m wrong. \r\n\r\nEgos aside. Devs need to dev. How we gonna build if our devs are too busy trying to design our website. And at this rate, by the time it is finished we will be on ETH 5.0. So just use this design template that the team put all their hard work into, and let us shape it into the masterpiece the community really needs."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'charlieellington', 'comment_id': 490203667.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-07 18:30:44+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""The Deep Work Studio hot take on a community driven approach. It could be done by:\r\n\r\nRapidly prototyping through Design Sprints with key stakeholders \r\n-> \r\nCommunity Feedback and Listening To Users \r\n-> \r\nIterating. \r\n\r\nIn my opinion the directive approach is better than asking the community to do the hard work for you. Co-ordination is necessary. Giving the website to the community is decentralized idealism and it hasn't changed in a week. \r\n\r\n-- \r\n\r\n**How could you approach a full redesign?**\r\n\r\n_Stage 1: Design Sprint with the key foundation members_\r\n\r\nThe outcome would be a high fidelity prototype outlining the goals, key user stories and features that are required in the site. The user feedback would justify and help understand the importance of each feature.\r\n\r\n_Stage 2: Community Input_\r\n\r\nCollaborative sessions engaging the community to get input to content and design of the site. These could focus are the key areas identified in Stage 1.\r\n\r\n_Stage 3: Design Sprints to go into the key sections in detail_\r\n\r\nIdentifying the key players and those with specific expertise (in the Foundation and community) we could run further design sprints to prototype and test each area or feature of the site.\r\n\r\n_Stage 4: Designing the Interface_\r\n\r\nFrom the prototype and community feedback. A design team could focus on the graphics, user interface and front-end.\r\n\r\n-- \r\n\r\nThis was part of a larger post exploring how we could re-design the old Ethereum.org: https://medium.com/deep-work-studio/redesigning-the-ethereum-website-e418cadd158a"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'oovg', 'comment_id': 490233505.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-07 19:59:54+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': ""This process reads right to me!\r\n\r\nMoving forward, would we say that 'Stage 1' would be to review current state of this design together (with stakeholders), identify possible enhancements, explore divergent solutions, review and merge into next iteration?"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'mirshko', 'comment_id': 490243255.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-07 20:29:39+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '@username_3 how do you suggest we go about ~Stage~ Phase 1?\r\n\r\n@username_1 ? thoughts?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'charlieellington', 'comment_id': 490369989.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-08 06:50:18+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': '@username_3 - Yes! Something along those lines. I think the Sprint process would be great. \r\n\r\nStage 1: \r\n\r\n**Identify possible enhancements:** We can review the goal and start asking ""How Might We ... "" questions on the current design. Vote and prioritise to find the most valuable improvements. \r\n\r\n**Divergent solutions:** Solution sketching, user maps and storyboarding. \r\n\r\n**Review and Merge:** Vote on the best solutions and gather user feedback. The only thing I would change is getting feedback before merging. \r\n\r\nMore info on the Sprint process: https://medium.com/deep-work-studio/google-ventures-design-sprints-for-defi-dapps-and-blockchain-teams-3c292585f9a6', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'oovg', 'comment_id': 490648567.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-08 20:58:34+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': '@username_2 prrrfect! \r\n\r\nRE: feedback before merging, I just meant merge design-work (visual solutions), not code, to ease the load on the decision-makers (product-owners). \r\n\r\nDef feedback before code merge!(!!!)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'alexvandesande', 'comment_id': 491462959.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-11 00:20:47+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': 'I like this. The whole design sprint process unfortunately I doubt will work for a simple reason: the site underwent a dozen of those before arriving in this WIP “compromise” version. \r\n\r\nSo the best bet we have for a better design is doing what you’re doing: getting out and making PRs. I recently published one for a small redesign too but I’ll be happy to test yours too!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'ethjoe', 'comment_id': 492068382.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-14 03:50:01+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_5', 'text': 'Hey @username_0 @username_1 @username_2 @username_3 \r\n\r\nThanks for all of the work on the Deepwork version of the site. A few of us saw it go up days before the MVP launched and it does tackle the ""learn, build"" in a similar way. \r\n\r\nThere are elements here that definitely deserve consideration, and addressing them bit by bit would help to keep the process iterative. Specifically, the sub-header designs, articles/resources, prism color-selection, and a new news page all stand out. We\'ll notify as soon™ as submission process for subpages are online.\r\n\r\nThere is a plan to take submissions from professional designers for designs of whole subpages, and to maintain some consistency with the rest of the site (rather than \'full design by individual-PR\' -- hence not accepting the redesign here, but we\'ll communicate this more clearly going forward). \r\n\r\nThat said, _please_ keep pushing existing elements that need work, especially on subpages (this input is valuable for driving the long-term direction of the site) and I\'m sure that the change-log will grow pretty quickly.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'charlieellington', 'comment_id': 492576785.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-15 09:21:58+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""Thank you @username_4 and @username_5 for the kind words! \r\n\r\nFor clarity, our design is not the best in the world. It was produced at speed to suggest a process behind re-designing the old Ethereum site. We did not expect it to be the live final result. \r\n\r\nThe most important approach for ethereum dot org is the process which is it redesigned. Not the look and feel. \r\n\r\nThe suggestion of individual pages by different designers will turn into a weird amalgamation of design language, type and spacing. Not the representation we'd expect from the largest and greatest open source project in the world. \r\n\r\nI'm surprised this PR was closed. \r\n\r\nWe're not suggesting our process is best. But, the process which is used needs a community debate and input from designers to reach the best solution."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'ethjoe', 'comment_id': 494139277.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-20 20:30:28+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_5', 'text': '@username_2 The tl;dr here was to implement pieces of this in parts rather than as submitted.\r\n\r\nThe ""please keep pushing existing elements that need work"" referred to resubmitting individual pieces and PRs that can be pushed through since the full overhaul wouldn\'t fit.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'kischiman', 'comment_id': 494421518.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-21 14:42:40+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_6', 'text': ""Hey @username_5, you are definitely right in that the website needs extensive work and an agency or cooperative that can realise this.\r\n\r\nBut - just to make sure it's clear: this shouldn't be us and this is not our point.\r\n\r\nWe are merely leaving a statement, that the way the design front of ethereum has been approached in an unproductive way, while there are better known approaches, leading to better results, in a shorter amount of time.\r\n\r\nFirstly, spreading the tasks/subpages across many different designers runs the risk of heterogeneous visual design across the site (this approach is close to what happened to the current version of Windows). nobody wants that and nobody should see it.\r\n\r\nSecondly, we DO NOT want to design the website. We could, but the issue we are trying to point towards is a very different and fundamental one - the approach defines the result. And if the result doesn't look acceptable, there is probably a better way to structure the collaborative work. It took 3 people less than a week to achieve a result that took the biggest open source community in the world more than two years. Our design is not good, but the community appears to agree that's it's better.\r\n\r\nWe want to demonstrate that the biggest open source community in the world shouldn't be represented by something not coming from it's inherent collaborative structure. And we are there, and that there is huge potential in the community, which is not being used at the moment.\r\n\r\nI hope this makes a little bit more sense now."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'ethjoe', 'comment_id': 494627676.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-22 02:26:50+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_5', 'text': ""Got it. Community-powered doesn't have to mean heterogeneous, but I guess we'll have to see how it plays out over time. And as for there being better design, we're sort of agreeing with each other in circles. People are submitting their own paths in parts, and hopefully content managers rise up with some oomph too."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'kischiman', 'comment_id': 494707816.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-22 08:33:20+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_6', 'text': 'Community powered is not heterogeneous, that\'s right, but again, depends on the management - ""people submitting their own paths in parts"" does sound like total chaos. \r\n\r\nWith a project like this you can\'t split it up and delegate different parts to different people. Or am I misunderstanding something?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'oovg', 'comment_id': 494868179.0, 'datetime': '2019-05-22 16:06:14+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': 'My 2 gwei ... As a designer who has worked on digital products for many years, I too was skeptical of this path to improvement. \r\n\r\nHowever, I have embraced the \'community-powered\' ethos as an experiment in distributed product improvement and creative coordination. I\'ve begun pushing incremental changes and that seems to be working so far. I\'m very interested in testing/discovering this process out for awhile and seeing how far we can take it (i.e. how close we can get it to what we Designers know it needs to be in order to perform).\r\n\r\nThe main issue I see is ""Who validates an improvement?""\r\nAnd there are two different types of improvement validations needed.\r\n1. Validated incremental improvement\r\n2. Validated \'holistic\' improvement (i.e. validating that any change fits within the whole system)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: A Different Take
username_0: This is a different and bold take on a new look for ethereum.org. Something the community can really look on with splendor, as something for the new people to the space, for existing creators of all fields, and for everyone. 

This bit here will be expanded upon by @username_1
<issue_comment>username_1: This is our proposition. It will still be a community project, even more so. We call upon a different part of the community, designers, comms people and creatives, those whose skills and experience seemed to be under-appreciated or ignored, and actually have the skills to execute this in a slick and timely manner. Also as this will be a portal for those who may be new to the space or want to learn more the content and design needs to be in such a way in which it can be easily digestible and navigated around.

I surely don't need to explain why a website is the most important aspect of branding after a logo?! The importance for a website can not be overstated when it comes to onboarding new members of the community in order to reach our goal of decentralisation… In our lifetime.

Finally, with all this talk about diversity… Why are we still looking to our technologists and coders to redesign our website. Clearly anyone with basic communications or business knowledge is aware that your website is essentially a major part of your reputation. I think our community is diverse enough now to reach out to the non devs and give them a chance to shape our technology too. I personally don’t remember learning about coding while I was studying communications, and I’m sure as hell computer science doesn’t have a module on branding and public relations. Correct me if i’m wrong. 

Egos aside. Devs need to dev. How we gonna build if our devs are too busy trying to design our website. And at this rate, by the time it is finished we will be on ETH 5.0. So just use this design template that the team put all their hard work into, and let us shape it into the masterpiece the community really needs.
<issue_comment>username_2: The Deep Work Studio hot take on a community driven approach. It could be done by:

Rapidly prototyping through Design Sprints with key stakeholders 
-> 
Community Feedback and Listening To Users 
-> 
Iterating. 

In my opinion the directive approach is better than asking the community to do the hard work for you. Co-ordination is necessary. Giving the website to the community is decentralized idealism and it hasn't changed in a week. 

-- 

**How could you approach a full redesign?**

_Stage 1: Design Sprint with the key foundation members_

The outcome would be a high fidelity prototype outlining the goals, key user stories and features that are required in the site. The user feedback would justify and help understand the importance of each feature.

_Stage 2: Community Input_

Collaborative sessions engaging the community to get input to content and design of the site. These could focus are the key areas identified in Stage 1.

_Stage 3: Design Sprints to go into the key sections in detail_

Identifying the key players and those with specific expertise (in the Foundation and community) we could run further design sprints to prototype and test each area or feature of the site.

_Stage 4: Designing the Interface_

From the prototype and community feedback. A design team could focus on the graphics, user interface and front-end.

-- 

This was part of a larger post exploring how we could re-design the old Ethereum.org: https://medium.com/deep-work-studio/redesigning-the-ethereum-website-e418cadd158a
<issue_comment>username_3: This process reads right to me!

Moving forward, would we say that 'Stage 1' would be to review current state of this design together (with stakeholders), identify possible enhancements, explore divergent solutions, review and merge into next iteration?
<issue_comment>username_0: @username_3 how do you suggest we go about ~Stage~ Phase 1?

@username_1 ? thoughts?
<issue_comment>username_2: @username_3 - Yes! Something along those lines. I think the Sprint process would be great. 

Stage 1: 

**Identify possible enhancements:** We can review the goal and start asking ""How Might We ... "" questions on the current design. Vote and prioritise to find the most valuable improvements. 

**Divergent solutions:** Solution sketching, user maps and storyboarding. 

**Review and Merge:** Vote on the best solutions and gather user feedback. The only thing I would change is getting feedback before merging. 

More info on the Sprint process: https://medium.com/deep-work-studio/google-ventures-design-sprints-for-defi-dapps-and-blockchain-teams-3c292585f9a6
<issue_comment>username_3: @username_2 prrrfect! 

RE: feedback before merging, I just meant merge design-work (visual solutions), not code, to ease the load on the decision-makers (product-owners). 

Def feedback before code merge!(!!!)
<issue_comment>username_4: I like this. The whole design sprint process unfortunately I doubt will work for a simple reason: the site underwent a dozen of those before arriving in this WIP “compromise” version. 

So the best bet we have for a better design is doing what you’re doing: getting out and making PRs. I recently published one for a small redesign too but I’ll be happy to test yours too!
<issue_comment>username_5: Hey @username_0 @username_1 @username_2 @username_3 

Thanks for all of the work on the Deepwork version of the site. A few of us saw it go up days before the MVP launched and it does tackle the ""learn, build"" in a similar way. 

There are elements here that definitely deserve consideration, and addressing them bit by bit would help to keep the process iterative. Specifically, the sub-header designs, articles/resources, prism color-selection, and a new news page all stand out. We'll notify as soon™ as submission process for subpages are online.

There is a plan to take submissions from professional designers for designs of whole subpages, and to maintain some consistency with the rest of the site (rather than 'full design by individual-PR' -- hence not accepting the redesign here, but we'll communicate this more clearly going forward). 

That said, _please_ keep pushing existing elements that need work, especially on subpages (this input is valuable for driving the long-term direction of the site) and I'm sure that the change-log will grow pretty quickly.
<issue_comment>username_2: Thank you @username_4 and @username_5 for the kind words! 

For clarity, our design is not the best in the world. It was produced at speed to suggest a process behind re-designing the old Ethereum site. We did not expect it to be the live final result. 

The most important approach for ethereum dot org is the process which is it redesigned. Not the look and feel. 

The suggestion of individual pages by different designers will turn into a weird amalgamation of design language, type and spacing. Not the representation we'd expect from the largest and greatest open source project in the world. 

I'm surprised this PR was closed. 

We're not suggesting our process is best. But, the process which is used needs a community debate and input from designers to reach the best solution.
<issue_comment>username_5: @username_2 The tl;dr here was to implement pieces of this in parts rather than as submitted.

The ""please keep pushing existing elements that need work"" referred to resubmitting individual pieces and PRs that can be pushed through since the full overhaul wouldn't fit.
<issue_comment>username_6: Hey @username_5, you are definitely right in that the website needs extensive work and an agency or cooperative that can realise this.

But - just to make sure it's clear: this shouldn't be us and this is not our point.

We are merely leaving a statement, that the way the design front of ethereum has been approached in an unproductive way, while there are better known approaches, leading to better results, in a shorter amount of time.

Firstly, spreading the tasks/subpages across many different designers runs the risk of heterogeneous visual design across the site (this approach is close to what happened to the current version of Windows). nobody wants that and nobody should see it.

Secondly, we DO NOT want to design the website. We could, but the issue we are trying to point towards is a very different and fundamental one - the approach defines the result. And if the result doesn't look acceptable, there is probably a better way to structure the collaborative work. It took 3 people less than a week to achieve a result that took the biggest open source community in the world more than two years. Our design is not good, but the community appears to agree that's it's better.

We want to demonstrate that the biggest open source community in the world shouldn't be represented by something not coming from it's inherent collaborative structure. And we are there, and that there is huge potential in the community, which is not being used at the moment.

I hope this makes a little bit more sense now.
<issue_comment>username_5: Got it. Community-powered doesn't have to mean heterogeneous, but I guess we'll have to see how it plays out over time. And as for there being better design, we're sort of agreeing with each other in circles. People are submitting their own paths in parts, and hopefully content managers rise up with some oomph too.
<issue_comment>username_6: Community powered is not heterogeneous, that's right, but again, depends on the management - ""people submitting their own paths in parts"" does sound like total chaos. 

With a project like this you can't split it up and delegate different parts to different people. Or am I misunderstanding something?
<issue_comment>username_3: My 2 gwei ... As a designer who has worked on digital products for many years, I too was skeptical of this path to improvement. 

However, I have embraced the 'community-powered' ethos as an experiment in distributed product improvement and creative coordination. I've begun pushing incremental changes and that seems to be working so far. I'm very interested in testing/discovering this process out for awhile and seeing how far we can take it (i.e. how close we can get it to what we Designers know it needs to be in order to perform).

The main issue I see is ""Who validates an improvement?""
And there are two different types of improvement validations needed.
1. Validated incremental improvement
2. Validated 'holistic' improvement (i.e. validating that any change fits within the whole system)"
WebAssembly/website,526718979,152,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'RReverser', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2019-11-21 16:52:39+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Hi all!\r\n\r\nGoogle and Mozilla are organising a WebAssembly Summit on February 10th, 2020.\r\n\r\nWe'd like to get a `summit2020.webassembly.org` subdomain as a landing page for this event (general info, user registration, etc.).\r\n\r\nWho could advise on the process for getting such subdomain? (Ideally we'd like to do this as quickly as possible as there is not too much time to the event, especially considering holidays in between.)\r\n\r\nThanks! /cc @username_3 @username_1"", 'title': 'A subdomain for the WebAssembly Summit', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'linclark', 'comment_id': 557243992.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-21 19:48:18+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""I wonder if it might make sense to do `summit.webassembly.org/2020/`?\r\n\r\nI don't yet know how to register a webassembly.org subdomain, but I'm asking around."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'natorion', 'comment_id': 557448674.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-22 08:56:33+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'I think @lukewagner should have the power.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'surma', 'comment_id': 557554889.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-22 14:36:16+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': '@username_1 I went back and forth on that myself. I don’t have strong opinions either way.\r\n\r\nThe only reason I prefer `summit2020.webassembly.org` is because it would allow us to keep the old sites online if and when the next summit comes. We might want to use a completely different hoster / tech stack for future sites and these would keep them separated. With `/2020/` we’d need some sort of reverse proxy.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'ttraenkler', 'comment_id': 557786135.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-23 10:30:25+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': ""summit.webassembly.org/2020/* could redirect to the old site in that case, no matter what the tech stack of the new site. this way we don't have to setup a new subdomain each year which might delay the announcement."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RReverser', 'comment_id': 558139929.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-25 12:46:38+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Ping @lukewagner.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'linclark', 'comment_id': 558387153.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-25 23:25:10+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Luke and I have discussed this and I'll be taking it on.\r\n\r\nIt seems like there's still some uncertainty about whether to use `summit` or `summit2020` given the comment directly above, though. Once that's resolved, I can put in the request."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'surma', 'comment_id': 558387285.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-25 23:25:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': ""let's do `summit.webassembly.org`"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'linclark', 'comment_id': 558387368.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-25 23:26:00+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Ok, I'll go ahead and put in the request."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'linclark', 'comment_id': 559196792.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-27 18:08:58+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""It turns out the IT person who manages this is out this week. I expect it will be resolved pretty quickly on his return next week, and will follow up if it isn't."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RReverser', 'comment_id': 615876225.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-18 13:58:10+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Closing as obsolete now.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'RReverser', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2020-04-18 13:58:11+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: A subdomain for the WebAssembly Summit
username_0: Hi all!

Google and Mozilla are organising a WebAssembly Summit on February 10th, 2020.

We'd like to get a `summit2020.webassembly.org` subdomain as a landing page for this event (general info, user registration, etc.).

Who could advise on the process for getting such subdomain? (Ideally we'd like to do this as quickly as possible as there is not too much time to the event, especially considering holidays in between.)

Thanks! /cc @username_3 @username_1
<issue_comment>username_1: I wonder if it might make sense to do `summit.webassembly.org/2020/`?

I don't yet know how to register a webassembly.org subdomain, but I'm asking around.
<issue_comment>username_2: I think @lukewagner should have the power.
<issue_comment>username_3: @username_1 I went back and forth on that myself. I don’t have strong opinions either way.

The only reason I prefer `summit2020.webassembly.org` is because it would allow us to keep the old sites online if and when the next summit comes. We might want to use a completely different hoster / tech stack for future sites and these would keep them separated. With `/2020/` we’d need some sort of reverse proxy.
<issue_comment>username_4: summit.webassembly.org/2020/* could redirect to the old site in that case, no matter what the tech stack of the new site. this way we don't have to setup a new subdomain each year which might delay the announcement.
<issue_comment>username_0: Ping @lukewagner.
<issue_comment>username_1: Luke and I have discussed this and I'll be taking it on.

It seems like there's still some uncertainty about whether to use `summit` or `summit2020` given the comment directly above, though. Once that's resolved, I can put in the request.
<issue_comment>username_3: let's do `summit.webassembly.org`
<issue_comment>username_1: Ok, I'll go ahead and put in the request.
<issue_comment>username_1: It turns out the IT person who manages this is out this week. I expect it will be resolved pretty quickly on his return next week, and will follow up if it isn't.
<issue_comment>username_0: Closing as obsolete now.<issue_closed>"
ethereum/ethereum-org-website,991042378,3851,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'hastings8', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-09-08 11:41:05+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Hello hasting8.  I'm jerry Louis. I do apologize for the ???? And therefuck ups.  To be honest, I have no idea what I am doing. Hell no one can help me because I'm the one who created it and don't remember how or why. That fucking sucks. But I can tell you everything that is of this world.  The sooner I can find someone who can actually understand what I know, the sooner heaven will be here on earth. Want to talk but no one will listen.  Ethereum was created for endless energy. Knowledge. Free as God intended.  But all are so brained washed that it's literally me waiting. You want to help here's my number. Call. 7376188011\r\n\r\n_Originally posted by @jley81 in https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/issues/3840#issuecomment-913980209_\r\n\r\nHey Jerry , \r\nMan yea id love all they help i can get , i 100 % agree, man  i really hate to know all the eth ive lost to some dumb shit Ethereum fees, and ive just really had enough of it, but yes sir i will give you a shout soon as im done moving back to Alabama, if your cool with a text i text ya my number as well"", 'title': '> im sick of yall bending me over , its rape no lube nothing , ive lost 1000s due to the gas and eth fees, its bullshit! sell bep20 coin they charge .13 cents sell some eth alt coin and your paying double the value of the cion in fees its a gd joke! and why are yall so liked???? please explain that one to me ??? becausae yall are a bunch of crooks if you ask me stealing honest peoples money , hell have a transaction error guess what they keep your moiney for therefuck up fuck ETHEREUM!', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'minimalsm', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-09-08 12:46:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: > im sick of yall bending me over , its rape no lube nothing , ive lost 1000s due to the gas and eth fees, its bullshit! sell bep20 coin they charge .13 cents sell some eth alt coin and your paying double the value of the cion in fees its a gd joke! and why are yall so liked???? please explain that one to me ??? becausae yall are a bunch of crooks if you ask me stealing honest peoples money , hell have a transaction error guess what they keep your moiney for therefuck up fuck ETHEREUM!
username_0: Hello hasting8.  I'm jerry Louis. I do apologize for the ???? And therefuck ups.  To be honest, I have no idea what I am doing. Hell no one can help me because I'm the one who created it and don't remember how or why. That fucking sucks. But I can tell you everything that is of this world.  The sooner I can find someone who can actually understand what I know, the sooner heaven will be here on earth. Want to talk but no one will listen.  Ethereum was created for endless energy. Knowledge. Free as God intended.  But all are so brained washed that it's literally me waiting. You want to help here's my number. Call. 7376188011

_Originally posted by @jley81 in https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/issues/3840#issuecomment-913980209_

Hey Jerry , 
Man yea id love all they help i can get , i 100 % agree, man  i really hate to know all the eth ive lost to some dumb shit Ethereum fees, and ive just really had enough of it, but yes sir i will give you a shout soon as im done moving back to Alabama, if your cool with a text i text ya my number as well<issue_closed>"
newrelic/docs-website,956118660,3335,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'rhetoric101', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-07-29 18:54:28+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '### Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe\r\n\r\nThe scroll bar in the right gutter for ""On this page"" hides the vital content from our readers.  The power of having all the page headings available is that it enables readers to quickly skip to the section that interests them. When the headings are in a scroll box, it slows down readers, and readers may not notice the scroll bar.\r\n\r\n### Describe the solution you\'d like\r\n\r\nHow about removing the scroll bar for ""On this page"" so all headings appear--no matter what\'s in the right navigation pane?\r\n\r\n### Describe why this important to you\r\n\r\nI just got tripped up by this, thinking there we\'re only two headings on this complicated page: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux/\r\n\r\nLet\'s try to reduce the friction for our readers by keeping the headings visible in the right gutter.', 'title': 'Remove scroll bar for  “On this page” in the right gutter', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'TrainnosaurusRex', 'comment_id': 901408430.0, 'datetime': '2021-08-18 20:27:39+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '+1 for this, the ""related resources"" are not as essential as the actual page contents.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'barbnewrelic', 'comment_id': 901416475.0, 'datetime': '2021-08-18 20:41:34+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': '+1 for this! For me, the ""Related resources"" is not particularly valuable, and it blocks the ""On this page"" content, which IS important. Two examples:\r\n1-I was looking at a doc that I knew it had 8 specific agent-related H2s, but I could only see the first 2 headings, and I didn\'t immediately notice the vertical scrollbar because I\'m using a tiny laptop. It looked like the doc had no agent-specific info to jump to, even though I knew it was there. If I was a casual docs site user, I might not even know there\'s more good content on the page unless I did CTRL F or scrolled down the page.\r\n2-This morning I was docs hero, and an engineer asked in the documentation channel why a doc in the ""Related resources"" section was listed, even though we both knew that doc was completely unrelated to the doc he was currently viewing. The ""Related resources"" box added to the confusion and masked the content the engineer might have been more interested in on that page.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'barbnewrelic', 'comment_id': 923058246.0, 'datetime': '2021-09-20 15:57:21+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""I got a message this issue will be automatically closed but I'm not clear if that's because a-GH bot thinks this is unimportant or b-if it has already been fixed. If a-please don't close, this is important! If b-thanks for fixing this!"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'barbnewrelic', 'comment_id': 1036432229.0, 'datetime': '2022-02-11 17:15:32+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'This is still a valid issue!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'austin-schaefer', 'comment_id': 1037745397.0, 'datetime': '2022-02-13 04:05:39+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': 'Hi @username_0 @username_2 , can you link a doc where this is occuring? For me, I haven\'t seen this issue since we removed the ""related resources"" section.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'barbnewrelic', 'comment_id': 1038381828.0, 'datetime': '2022-02-13 19:45:23+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'The stalebot message threw me, because I was unaware that this had been fixed. I thought the workflow was, if a someone fixes an issue, they make a note in their PR like ""Fixes 3335."" I did not see any ""fixed"" message. Just did a spot check of a couple of docs that have a lot of headings, and they all appear nicely in the right nav now. Please extend my thanks to whoever fixed this issue!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Remove scroll bar for  “On this page” in the right gutter
username_0: ### Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe

The scroll bar in the right gutter for ""On this page"" hides the vital content from our readers.  The power of having all the page headings available is that it enables readers to quickly skip to the section that interests them. When the headings are in a scroll box, it slows down readers, and readers may not notice the scroll bar.

### Describe the solution you'd like

How about removing the scroll bar for ""On this page"" so all headings appear--no matter what's in the right navigation pane?

### Describe why this important to you

I just got tripped up by this, thinking there we're only two headings on this complicated page: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux/

Let's try to reduce the friction for our readers by keeping the headings visible in the right gutter.
<issue_comment>username_1: +1 for this, the ""related resources"" are not as essential as the actual page contents.
<issue_comment>username_2: +1 for this! For me, the ""Related resources"" is not particularly valuable, and it blocks the ""On this page"" content, which IS important. Two examples:
1-I was looking at a doc that I knew it had 8 specific agent-related H2s, but I could only see the first 2 headings, and I didn't immediately notice the vertical scrollbar because I'm using a tiny laptop. It looked like the doc had no agent-specific info to jump to, even though I knew it was there. If I was a casual docs site user, I might not even know there's more good content on the page unless I did CTRL F or scrolled down the page.
2-This morning I was docs hero, and an engineer asked in the documentation channel why a doc in the ""Related resources"" section was listed, even though we both knew that doc was completely unrelated to the doc he was currently viewing. The ""Related resources"" box added to the confusion and masked the content the engineer might have been more interested in on that page.
<issue_comment>username_2: I got a message this issue will be automatically closed but I'm not clear if that's because a-GH bot thinks this is unimportant or b-if it has already been fixed. If a-please don't close, this is important! If b-thanks for fixing this!
<issue_comment>username_2: This is still a valid issue!
<issue_comment>username_3: Hi @username_0 @username_2 , can you link a doc where this is occuring? For me, I haven't seen this issue since we removed the ""related resources"" section.
<issue_comment>username_2: The stalebot message threw me, because I was unaware that this had been fixed. I thought the workflow was, if a someone fixes an issue, they make a note in their PR like ""Fixes 3335."" I did not see any ""fixed"" message. Just did a spot check of a couple of docs that have a lot of headings, and they all appear nicely in the right nav now. Please extend my thanks to whoever fixed this issue!"
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website,588012310,12013,"{'number': 12013.0, 'repo': 'vets-website', 'user_login': 'department-of-veterans-affairs'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'Mottie', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2020-03-25T21:50:06Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '## Description\r\n\r\nWhile using a review card to modify the user\'s information, there is no cancel button to allow them to revert or cancel any changes that have been made.\r\n\r\nThe `ReviewCardField` component does include cancel functionality, but it is not visible unless a `volatileData` setting is enabled; but if used, it clears the form elements within the card when editing is enabled.\r\n\r\nThis PR reveals the existing cancel button, and modifies the code to retain edits after clicking the ""Done"" button. Previously, if a user pressed ""Done"" then edited the card any number of additional times, pressing ""Cancel"" would revert all changes to the state present when the page was loaded.\r\n\r\n**One caveat** to these changes is that if the content is modified, then the user bypasses the ""Done"" button and presses ""Continue"", the changes will be saved.\r\n- Pro: This is advantageous in that updates will be applied automatically. If the computer loses power or reboots, the changes are preserved.\r\n- Con: Original data is lost. If the user doesn\'t recall the exact information previously entered, it can not be recovered. This is essentially what happened before the cancel button was made visible.\r\n\r\nThis PR also combined the two copies of the `ReviewCardField` and moved the component to the `platform/forms-system/src/js/components` folder. Discussion in [Slack](https://dsva.slack.com/archives/CBU0KDSB1/p1585146945006200).\r\n\r\nOriginal ticket: https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/4877\r\n\r\n## Testing done\r\n\r\nUpdated local unit tests\r\n\r\n## Screenshots\r\n\r\n<details><summary>Review cards in 526EZ</summary>\r\n\r\n<!-- leave a blank line above -->\r\n![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 47 48 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77573847-47b32680-6e9f-11ea-8e95-c2c098e4c896.png)\r\n</details>\r\n\r\n<details><summary>Review cards in HLR</summary>\r\n\r\n<!-- leave a blank line above -->\r\n![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 8 48 52 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579059-a67c9e00-6ea7-11ea-9ef2-96e1f9ddc2eb.png)\r\nNote: The ""Done"" button isn\'t that wide, this is an older screenshot\r\n</details>\r\n\r\n<details>\r\n<summary>HLR mobile view</summary>\r\n\r\n<!-- leave a blank line above -->\r\n![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 3 09 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77580879-b8ac0b80-6eaa-11ea-8fac-c973b870393a.png)\r\n</details>\r\n\r\nNote: Form 0994 (Educational benefits) also uses this component in the contact information & bank information pages, but I was unable to access these specific pages. The pages I did find (see screenshots below), did not use this component\r\n\r\n<details><summary>Form 0994 Contact page (no review card?)</summary>\r\n\r\n<!-- leave a blank line above -->\r\n![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 29 04 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579638-a92bc300-6ea8-11ea-9e39-385799f43c99.png)\r\n</details>\r\n\r\n<details><summary>Form 0994 Bank information page (no review card?)</summary>\r\n\r\n<!-- leave a blank line above -->\r\n![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 28 04 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579731-c8c2eb80-6ea8-11ea-80ca-7e34faf76923.png)\r\n</details>\r\n\r\n## Acceptance criteria\r\n- [ ] Cancel button reverts the changes to the previous state\r\n- [ ] Once ""Done"" or ""Continue"" is pressed, the state is saved\r\n- [ ] Design approves the design changes\r\n- [ ] Centralized `ReviewCardField` passes all tests\r\n\r\n## Definition of done\r\n- [ ] Events are logged appropriately\r\n- [x] Documentation has been updated, if applicable - see https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/veteran-facing-services-tools/pull/226\r\n- [x] A link has been provided to the originating GitHub issue (or connected to it via ZenHub)\r\n- [x] No sensitive information (i.e. PII/credentials/internal URLs/etc.) is captured in logging, hardcoded, or specs', 'title': '[Development] COGNITION: Show cancel button in review cards', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'Mottie', 'comment_id': 606380786.0, 'datetime': '2020-03-31 03:41:28+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Also closes https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/6459', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: [Development] COGNITION: Show cancel button in review cards
username_0: ## Description

While using a review card to modify the user's information, there is no cancel button to allow them to revert or cancel any changes that have been made.

The `ReviewCardField` component does include cancel functionality, but it is not visible unless a `volatileData` setting is enabled; but if used, it clears the form elements within the card when editing is enabled.

This PR reveals the existing cancel button, and modifies the code to retain edits after clicking the ""Done"" button. Previously, if a user pressed ""Done"" then edited the card any number of additional times, pressing ""Cancel"" would revert all changes to the state present when the page was loaded.

**One caveat** to these changes is that if the content is modified, then the user bypasses the ""Done"" button and presses ""Continue"", the changes will be saved.
- Pro: This is advantageous in that updates will be applied automatically. If the computer loses power or reboots, the changes are preserved.
- Con: Original data is lost. If the user doesn't recall the exact information previously entered, it can not be recovered. This is essentially what happened before the cancel button was made visible.

This PR also combined the two copies of the `ReviewCardField` and moved the component to the `platform/forms-system/src/js/components` folder. Discussion in [Slack](https://dsva.slack.com/archives/CBU0KDSB1/p1585146945006200).

Original ticket: https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/4877

## Testing done

Updated local unit tests

## Screenshots

<details><summary>Review cards in 526EZ</summary>

<!-- leave a blank line above -->
![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 47 48 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77573847-47b32680-6e9f-11ea-8e95-c2c098e4c896.png)
</details>

<details><summary>Review cards in HLR</summary>

<!-- leave a blank line above -->
![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 8 48 52 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579059-a67c9e00-6ea7-11ea-9ef2-96e1f9ddc2eb.png)
Note: The ""Done"" button isn't that wide, this is an older screenshot
</details>

<details>
<summary>HLR mobile view</summary>

<!-- leave a blank line above -->
![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 3 09 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77580879-b8ac0b80-6eaa-11ea-8fac-c973b870393a.png)
</details>

Note: Form 0994 (Educational benefits) also uses this component in the contact information & bank information pages, but I was unable to access these specific pages. The pages I did find (see screenshots below), did not use this component

<details><summary>Form 0994 Contact page (no review card?)</summary>

<!-- leave a blank line above -->
![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 29 04 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579638-a92bc300-6ea8-11ea-9e39-385799f43c99.png)
</details>

<details><summary>Form 0994 Bank information page (no review card?)</summary>

<!-- leave a blank line above -->
![Screen Shot 2020-03-25 at 1 28 04 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/136959/77579731-c8c2eb80-6ea8-11ea-80ca-7e34faf76923.png)
</details>

## Acceptance criteria
- [ ] Cancel button reverts the changes to the previous state
- [ ] Once ""Done"" or ""Continue"" is pressed, the state is saved
- [ ] Design approves the design changes
- [ ] Centralized `ReviewCardField` passes all tests

## Definition of done
- [ ] Events are logged appropriately
- [x] Documentation has been updated, if applicable - see https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/veteran-facing-services-tools/pull/226
- [x] A link has been provided to the originating GitHub issue (or connected to it via ZenHub)
- [x] No sensitive information (i.e. PII/credentials/internal URLs/etc.) is captured in logging, hardcoded, or specs
<issue_comment>username_0: Also closes https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/6459"
usds/website,230499716,317,"{'number': 317.0, 'repo': 'website', 'user_login': 'usds'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'nacingov', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2017-05-22T19:48:58Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'fixes #303', 'title': 'Add DAP to usds.gov', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'nacingov', 'comment_id': 303201987.0, 'datetime': '2017-05-22 19:51:00+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '@username_2 Please review and merge if you can, thanks!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'nacin', 'comment_id': 303202974.0, 'datetime': '2017-05-22 19:55:07+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'Thanks @username_4 for the assist in confirming appropriate values!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jaredcunha-usds', 'comment_id': 304026681.0, 'datetime': '2017-05-25 14:38:40+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""@username_0 I don't have merge access, but this looks good to go."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jas298', 'comment_id': 304117395.0, 'datetime': '2017-05-25 20:37:46+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': '@username_0 I have lost my ability to merge PRs, so can you please merge this? And maybe give me my powers back? 🎇', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'tdlowden', 'comment_id': 305772919.0, 'datetime': '2017-06-02 12:33:01+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': 'Hey all, I think this is ready for merge. :)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jas298', 'comment_id': 305813233.0, 'datetime': '2017-06-02 14:59:59+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': '@username_0 Ping! Can you merge this, please?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'tdlowden', 'comment_id': 305847248.0, 'datetime': '2017-06-02 16:47:18+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': 'Traffic confirmed!\r\n![screen shot 2017-06-02 at 12 46 36 pm](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6556888/26735851/99ecf832-4791-11e7-9000-255d97015b2e.png)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Add DAP to usds.gov
username_0: fixes #303
<issue_comment>username_0: @username_2 Please review and merge if you can, thanks!
<issue_comment>username_1: Thanks @username_4 for the assist in confirming appropriate values!
<issue_comment>username_2: @username_0 I don't have merge access, but this looks good to go.
<issue_comment>username_3: @username_0 I have lost my ability to merge PRs, so can you please merge this? And maybe give me my powers back? 🎇
<issue_comment>username_4: Hey all, I think this is ready for merge. :)
<issue_comment>username_3: @username_0 Ping! Can you merge this, please?
<issue_comment>username_4: Traffic confirmed!
![screen shot 2017-06-02 at 12 46 36 pm](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6556888/26735851/99ecf832-4791-11e7-9000-255d97015b2e.png)"
techqueria/website,379391338,187,"{'number': 187.0, 'repo': 'website', 'user_login': 'techqueria'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'fvntr', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2018-11-10T05:04:36Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '- [x] Checked to [see if a similar PR has already been opened](https://github.com/techqueria/website/pulls) 🤔️\r\n- [x] Reviewed the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/techqueria/website/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) 🔍️\r\n- [x] Added my name to the bottom of the list under the **Contributors** section in the [README.md](https://github.com/techqueria/website/blob/master/README.md) with a link to my personal website or GitHub profile 👥️', 'title': 'Changing established date', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'fvcproductions', 'comment_id': 437558933.0, 'datetime': '2018-11-10 05:06:28+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '@username_0 Can we change wording to ""Powered by Latinx since 2015""?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'fvntr', 'comment_id': 437558983.0, 'datetime': '2018-11-10 05:07:54+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'changed', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Changing established date
username_0: - [x] Checked to [see if a similar PR has already been opened](https://github.com/techqueria/website/pulls) 🤔️
- [x] Reviewed the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/techqueria/website/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) 🔍️
- [x] Added my name to the bottom of the list under the **Contributors** section in the [README.md](https://github.com/techqueria/website/blob/master/README.md) with a link to my personal website or GitHub profile 👥️
<issue_comment>username_1: @username_0 Can we change wording to ""Powered by Latinx since 2015""?
<issue_comment>username_0: changed"
