devopsdays/devopsdays-web,242587357,2718,"{'number': 2718.0, 'repo': 'devopsdays-web', 'user_login': 'devopsdays'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'aaronblythe', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2017-07-13T05:13:11Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Add the program layout for the event\r\nAdd organizer bio for organizer Bert Weidt', 'title': '[KC-2017] Add program layout and organizer bio', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'bridgetkromhout', 'comment_id': 314973769.0, 'datetime': '2017-07-13 05:21:00+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Hey, please take a look at https://deploy-preview-2718--devopsdays-web.netlify.com/events/2017-kansascity/program/ and make sure this is what you want? (tl;dr: you can't have placeholder names for the non-ignite talks - they need to be real - so `-` is what shows.)"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'aaronblythe', 'comment_id': 315090476.0, 'datetime': '2017-07-13 14:14:25+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Thank you for reviewing that closely. At this point, this IS what we want.\r\n\r\nIt is not currently linked from the welcome page yet, however this gives our organizers a visual in the final format to discuss, rather than doing the work to lay this out in Excel/Powerpoint, then eventually have to come back and format for this view.\r\n\r\nIf this doesn't cause issues for the rest of the site we would like this merged while we contact/confirm our speakers so we can go back and forth on the layout of the two days."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: [KC-2017] Add program layout and organizer bio
username_0: Add the program layout for the event
Add organizer bio for organizer Bert Weidt
<issue_comment>username_1: Hey, please take a look at https://deploy-preview-2718--devopsdays-web.netlify.com/events/2017-kansascity/program/ and make sure this is what you want? (tl;dr: you can't have placeholder names for the non-ignite talks - they need to be real - so `-` is what shows.)
<issue_comment>username_0: Thank you for reviewing that closely. At this point, this IS what we want.

It is not currently linked from the welcome page yet, however this gives our organizers a visual in the final format to discuss, rather than doing the work to lay this out in Excel/Powerpoint, then eventually have to come back and format for this view.

If this doesn't cause issues for the rest of the site we would like this merged while we contact/confirm our speakers so we can go back and forth on the layout of the two days."
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site,478813388,1445,"{'number': 1445.0, 'repo': 'kotlin-web-site', 'user_login': 'JetBrains'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'shigebeyond', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2019-08-09T06:08:32Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Jkmvc is an elegant, powerful and lightweight MVC framework built using kotlin. It aims to be swift, secure, and small. It will turn java's heavy development into kotlin's simple pleasure."", 'title': 'add jkmvc project', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'p7nov', 'comment_id': 522887087.0, 'datetime': '2019-08-20 07:15:52+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'Sorry, we are no longer maintaining this OSS projects list.\r\nPlease submit your project to the community-maintained list at https://kotlin.link', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: add jkmvc project
username_0: Jkmvc is an elegant, powerful and lightweight MVC framework built using kotlin. It aims to be swift, secure, and small. It will turn java's heavy development into kotlin's simple pleasure.
<issue_comment>username_1: Sorry, we are no longer maintaining this OSS projects list.
Please submit your project to the community-maintained list at https://kotlin.link"
emberjs/website,264093584,3011,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'wifelette', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 04:10:06+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""One of these days we'll move towards a more automated process for archiving logos of companies that aren't around or shouldn't be on the Users page anymore. So to get us started down that path, we need an `inactive` field on the Yaml file, that we could use as a filter when the value is `true`. \r\n\r\nFor starters, the following is a short list of companies that should be marked as inactive:\r\n\r\n- Aleffa\r\n- BlueTube Interactive\r\n- Caliper.io\r\n- Cliptem\r\n- Crashlog\r\n- Dynopia Ltd\r\n- Energy Market Exchange\r\n- Hujinkou\r\n- InfoTech\r\n- Kibo Studios\r\n- Kohmedia, LLC\r\n- Mixy.tv\r\n- Mocha Leaf\r\n- MyTripSet\r\n- PicDoctors\r\n- Plasmia\r\n- PrimeRevenue\r\n- Tavisca\r\n- Unspace\r\n- Urbanspoon\r\n- Washio\r\n\r\nI don't want to add the filter yet, since we need to first create an Archive page (it can look just like the current page, but separate and nested, and we can add a link to the Archive to the bottom of the main page somewhere). For now this Issue is just to add the field to the Yaml file so the data is ready for when we do the next steps."", 'title': 'Add `inactive` field to the Ember Users listing Yaml file', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'agatac', 'comment_id': 335454966.0, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 12:23:26+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'I can help with this one', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'agatac', 'comment_id': 335488280.0, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 14:19:59+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""I ticked the names that exist in `users.yml` and for those I added `inactive: true` field. The rest doesn't exist in the file. Am I missing something?\r\n\r\n- [ ]     Aleffa\r\n- [x]     BlueTube Interactive\r\n- [x]     Caliper.io \r\n- [ ]     Cliptem \r\n- [ ]     Crashlog\r\n- [ ]     Dynopia Ltd\r\n- [ ]     Energy Market Exchange\r\n- [ ]     Hujinkou\r\n- [ ]     InfoTech\r\n- [ ]     Kibo Studios\r\n- [ ]     Kohmedia, LLC\r\n- [ ]     Mixy.tv\r\n- [ ]     Mocha Leaf\r\n- [ ]     MyTripSet\r\n- [ ]     PicDoctors\r\n- [ ]     Plasmia\r\n- [ ]     PrimeRevenue\r\n- [ ]     Tavisca\r\n- [x]     Unspace\r\n- [x]     Urbanspoon\r\n- [x]     Washio"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'wifelette', 'comment_id': 335531322.0, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 16:30:45+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Must be someone else (maybe even me) has previously cleaned them up a bit. Seems good!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'wifelette', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 16:31:52+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'wifelette', 'comment_id': 335531672.0, 'datetime': '2017-10-10 16:31:52+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Merged the PR, thanks so much @username_1!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Add `inactive` field to the Ember Users listing Yaml file
username_0: One of these days we'll move towards a more automated process for archiving logos of companies that aren't around or shouldn't be on the Users page anymore. So to get us started down that path, we need an `inactive` field on the Yaml file, that we could use as a filter when the value is `true`. 

For starters, the following is a short list of companies that should be marked as inactive:

- Aleffa
- BlueTube Interactive
- Caliper.io
- Cliptem
- Crashlog
- Dynopia Ltd
- Energy Market Exchange
- Hujinkou
- InfoTech
- Kibo Studios
- Kohmedia, LLC
- Mixy.tv
- Mocha Leaf
- MyTripSet
- PicDoctors
- Plasmia
- PrimeRevenue
- Tavisca
- Unspace
- Urbanspoon
- Washio

I don't want to add the filter yet, since we need to first create an Archive page (it can look just like the current page, but separate and nested, and we can add a link to the Archive to the bottom of the main page somewhere). For now this Issue is just to add the field to the Yaml file so the data is ready for when we do the next steps.
<issue_comment>username_1: I can help with this one
<issue_comment>username_1: I ticked the names that exist in `users.yml` and for those I added `inactive: true` field. The rest doesn't exist in the file. Am I missing something?

- [ ]     Aleffa
- [x]     BlueTube Interactive
- [x]     Caliper.io 
- [ ]     Cliptem 
- [ ]     Crashlog
- [ ]     Dynopia Ltd
- [ ]     Energy Market Exchange
- [ ]     Hujinkou
- [ ]     InfoTech
- [ ]     Kibo Studios
- [ ]     Kohmedia, LLC
- [ ]     Mixy.tv
- [ ]     Mocha Leaf
- [ ]     MyTripSet
- [ ]     PicDoctors
- [ ]     Plasmia
- [ ]     PrimeRevenue
- [ ]     Tavisca
- [x]     Unspace
- [x]     Urbanspoon
- [x]     Washio
<issue_comment>username_0: Must be someone else (maybe even me) has previously cleaned them up a bit. Seems good!<issue_closed>
<issue_comment>username_0: Merged the PR, thanks so much @username_1!"
babel/website,322388061,1652,"{'number': 1652.0, 'repo': 'website', 'user_login': 'babel'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'existentialism', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2018-05-11T18:14:51Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Part 1 of many of extracting our Smooshpack-powered branch to make the review easier.', 'title': 'Refactor sidebar tab expanded state', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'hzoo', 'comment_id': 388444368.0, 'datetime': '2018-05-11 18:16:56+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'Deploy preview for *babel-new* ready!\n\nBuilt with commit f1b9ae9ea394ad8c72a28ca326224f0a6a97b461\n\nhttps://deploy-preview-1652--babel-new.netlify.com', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Refactor sidebar tab expanded state
username_0: Part 1 of many of extracting our Smooshpack-powered branch to make the review easier.
<issue_comment>username_1: Deploy preview for *babel-new* ready!

Built with commit f1b9ae9ea394ad8c72a28ca326224f0a6a97b461

https://deploy-preview-1652--babel-new.netlify.com"
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website,579404505,11870,"{'number': 11870.0, 'repo': 'vets-website', 'user_login': 'department-of-veterans-affairs'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'erikphansen', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2020-03-11T16:47:47Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '**Before merging this PR we should ramp up usage of the `profileSchemaForms` feature flag to 50% and then 100% of users while monitoring profile usage stats.**\r\n\r\n## Description\r\nNow that we have switched to using new contact info forms that are powered by SchemaForm components, we no longer need a lot of legacy form code, along with the legacy form validation logic, that was previously used for editing Veteran contact info in the Profile. This PR removes files that are no longer needed as well as form rendering code and validation logic that is no longer used.\r\n\r\n## Testing done\r\nLocal + existing unit tests. Also this code was no longer being used in production due to using a feature flag.\r\n\r\n## Screenshots\r\nN/A\r\n\r\n## Acceptance criteria\r\n- [ ]\r\n\r\n## Definition of done\r\n- [ ] Events are logged appropriately\r\n- [ ] Documentation has been updated, if applicable\r\n- [ ] A link has been provided to the originating GitHub issue (or connected to it via ZenHub)\r\n- [ ] No sensitive information (i.e. PII/credentials/internal URLs/etc.) is captured in logging, hardcoded, or specs', 'title': 'Remove non-SchemaForm contact info form code', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'rianfowler', 'comment_id': 599717616.0, 'datetime': '2020-03-16 19:22:32+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'What team owns applications/letters? we should get them added to the code owners.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'erikphansen', 'comment_id': 599722092.0, 'datetime': '2020-03-16 19:33:16+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '@username_1 I believe that @Mottie and @ndsprinkle work on the Letters app.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Remove non-SchemaForm contact info form code
username_0: **Before merging this PR we should ramp up usage of the `profileSchemaForms` feature flag to 50% and then 100% of users while monitoring profile usage stats.**

## Description
Now that we have switched to using new contact info forms that are powered by SchemaForm components, we no longer need a lot of legacy form code, along with the legacy form validation logic, that was previously used for editing Veteran contact info in the Profile. This PR removes files that are no longer needed as well as form rendering code and validation logic that is no longer used.

## Testing done
Local + existing unit tests. Also this code was no longer being used in production due to using a feature flag.

## Screenshots
N/A

## Acceptance criteria
- [ ]

## Definition of done
- [ ] Events are logged appropriately
- [ ] Documentation has been updated, if applicable
- [ ] A link has been provided to the originating GitHub issue (or connected to it via ZenHub)
- [ ] No sensitive information (i.e. PII/credentials/internal URLs/etc.) is captured in logging, hardcoded, or specs
<issue_comment>username_1: What team owns applications/letters? we should get them added to the code owners.
<issue_comment>username_0: @username_1 I believe that @Mottie and @ndsprinkle work on the Letters app."
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io,593459305,1025,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:22:56+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""This is a thread to track tasks for the R 4.0.0 migration.\r\n\r\n- [ ] enable opt-in automerge in the YAML migrations\r\n- [ ] add automerge to all feedstocks w/ the @conda-forge/r team and a CRAN url\r\n- [ ] write a custom migrator for R (@username_2 why did we need this? If we do this, then we don't need the first item on this list allowing automerge in the YAML migrations)\r\n- [ ] build r-base and r for 4.0.0\r\n- [ ] figure out max_pin for the packages or something like this (@username_4 should fill in details here)\r\n\r\ncc @conda-forge/core @conda-forge/r @username_4 @username_2 @conda-forge/bot"", 'title': 'R 4.0.0 migration tasks', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'dpryan79', 'comment_id': 608504838.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:25:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'It probably makes sense to starting trying to build some of the prereleases of R since otherwise it takes a week or two to get the thing to build :(', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 608505429.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:26:49+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Go for it @username_1!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'dpryan79', 'comment_id': 608505715.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:27:22+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'I figured I was volunteering myself with that comment :P', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 608509425.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:34:23+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""@username_0 we don't need a custom class, we need a custom yaml, the bot won't be able to intuit the correct number of R pins (since we have two at the moment)."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 608519595.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:53:53+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'What is a custom YAML?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 608519765.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-03 15:54:12+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Do you simply mean we need to make the migration yaml ourselves?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 613428843.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-14 13:01:55+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'This is the R release schedule (pulled from https://developer.r-project.org/)\r\n\r\nFriday 2020-04-17: CODE FREEZE (4.0.0 RC)\r\nTuesday 2020-04-21: PRERELEASE\r\nFriday 2020-04-24: RELEASE (4.0.0)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 618070226.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-22 22:19:51+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'xref: https://github.com/conda-forge/r-base-feedstock/pull/123/files', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'bgruening', 'comment_id': 619243685.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-24 21:20:25+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': 'Updated link and checksum in https://github.com/conda-forge/r-base-feedstock/pull/123\r\n\r\nFinal release is out.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 619447569.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-25 22:13:13+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'I think currently this is awaiting msys2 getting a pcre2 package.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 619447625.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-25 22:13:50+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'Also power is stalling out', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'isuruf', 'comment_id': 620009011.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-27 14:06:16+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': 'I would also add cleaning up the meta.yaml as something to do. (license, windows compiler, etc.)', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 620020164.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-27 14:23:46+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Do you mean for the R recipes in general or just r-base?', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'isuruf', 'comment_id': 620199821.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-27 19:55:55+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': 'For the R recipes in general.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 620262430.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-27 22:10:16+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'You might take a look at the [noarchr](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/blob/master/conda_forge_tick/migrators/disabled/legacy.py#L266) migrator. It might be good to turn that into a minimigrator.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 620351459.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-28 03:08:08+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'I think we need to decouple these maintenance tasks here. I’d rather not deal with a combination of errors in our scripts to update recipes and legit build errors when moving to R 4.0. \r\n\r\nLet’s open issues for the R recipe cleanup and forge ahead with the migration.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'isuruf', 'comment_id': 620567620.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-28 12:14:25+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': ""These would be linter failures, so you'd need to fix them manually because automerge will fail."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 620572123.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-28 12:24:10+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Automerge ignores the linter', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 620573251.0, 'datetime': '2020-04-28 12:26:34+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'see here: https://github.com/regro/cf-autotick-bot-action/blob/master/conda_forge_tick_action/automerge.py#L16', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'isuruf', 'comment_id': 622529443.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-01 19:29:32+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': ""Let me explain why noarch: generic R packages need to be built.\r\n\r\nFirst of all, it's not `noarch: r `unlike `noarch: python`. `noarch: python` does a few things,\r\n1. Extract the files in the same format for OS+arch.\r\n2. Create the correct site-packages directory and move the files there.\r\n3. Create `.pyc` in post-linking stage\r\n4. Other things like entry_points which is not really important for this discussion\r\n\r\nWhat `noarch: generic` does is 1. only. For R packages 2 and 4 are not important.\r\nEquivalent to 3 would be the `.rdx` files. Unlike python, R doesn't install regular `.R` files. Only these bytecode objects. So importing one from a different minor version gives a warning and a different major version gives an error.\r\n\r\nThis can be worked around by generating these at post-link stage for major versions (for minor versions, we can ignore the warning by changing the max_pin), but this needs support in conda.\r\n\r\nTL;DR: `noarch:generic` is noarch for OS+arch only and needs a rebuild for each R version."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 622546888.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-01 20:12:53+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Thank you for finally posting this info per the request at the top of the comments! I am going to have a pass at adding a rebuild noarch option. Hopefully, this doesn't confuse the bot terribly. We are stopped right now because another bug appears to not have been fixed."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 622607410.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-01 23:17:46+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'The migration now include noarch packages', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:06:24+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 626070150.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:06:33+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'Great work everyone!!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jakirkham', 'comment_id': 626073079.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:20:23+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_5', 'text': 'Wow! Does that mean we are done completely?! If so, this has to be some kind of record 😄', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 626074382.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:26:52+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Everything but a few tens of packages that depend on r-rjava and a handful of stragglers as usual. ;p', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 626074470.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:27:18+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""`r-rjava` is still outstanding but we're mostly there (5 in PR, 5 awaiting, 20 pending). The automerge combined with the bot is truly spectacular. I'm looking forward to seeing how this impacts the python 3.9 rollout."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'beckermr', 'comment_id': 626074591.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:28:04+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'And mamba. It doesn’t work without mamba.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'CJ-Wright', 'comment_id': 626074611.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:28:12+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'Truth', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jakirkham', 'comment_id': 626075982.0, 'datetime': '2020-05-09 00:36:23+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_5', 'text': 'That sounds done to me 😉\r\n\r\nGreat work! 😄', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: R 4.0.0 migration tasks
username_0: This is a thread to track tasks for the R 4.0.0 migration.

- [ ] enable opt-in automerge in the YAML migrations
- [ ] add automerge to all feedstocks w/ the @conda-forge/r team and a CRAN url
- [ ] write a custom migrator for R (@username_2 why did we need this? If we do this, then we don't need the first item on this list allowing automerge in the YAML migrations)
- [ ] build r-base and r for 4.0.0
- [ ] figure out max_pin for the packages or something like this (@username_4 should fill in details here)

cc @conda-forge/core @conda-forge/r @username_4 @username_2 @conda-forge/bot
<issue_comment>username_1: It probably makes sense to starting trying to build some of the prereleases of R since otherwise it takes a week or two to get the thing to build :(
<issue_comment>username_0: Go for it @username_1!
<issue_comment>username_1: I figured I was volunteering myself with that comment :P
<issue_comment>username_2: @username_0 we don't need a custom class, we need a custom yaml, the bot won't be able to intuit the correct number of R pins (since we have two at the moment).
<issue_comment>username_0: What is a custom YAML?
<issue_comment>username_0: Do you simply mean we need to make the migration yaml ourselves?
<issue_comment>username_2: This is the R release schedule (pulled from https://developer.r-project.org/)

Friday 2020-04-17: CODE FREEZE (4.0.0 RC)
Tuesday 2020-04-21: PRERELEASE
Friday 2020-04-24: RELEASE (4.0.0)
<issue_comment>username_2: xref: https://github.com/conda-forge/r-base-feedstock/pull/123/files
<issue_comment>username_3: Updated link and checksum in https://github.com/conda-forge/r-base-feedstock/pull/123

Final release is out.
<issue_comment>username_2: I think currently this is awaiting msys2 getting a pcre2 package.
<issue_comment>username_2: Also power is stalling out
<issue_comment>username_4: I would also add cleaning up the meta.yaml as something to do. (license, windows compiler, etc.)
<issue_comment>username_0: Do you mean for the R recipes in general or just r-base?
<issue_comment>username_4: For the R recipes in general.
<issue_comment>username_2: You might take a look at the [noarchr](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/blob/master/conda_forge_tick/migrators/disabled/legacy.py#L266) migrator. It might be good to turn that into a minimigrator.
<issue_comment>username_0: I think we need to decouple these maintenance tasks here. I’d rather not deal with a combination of errors in our scripts to update recipes and legit build errors when moving to R 4.0. 

Let’s open issues for the R recipe cleanup and forge ahead with the migration.
<issue_comment>username_4: These would be linter failures, so you'd need to fix them manually because automerge will fail.
<issue_comment>username_0: Automerge ignores the linter
<issue_comment>username_0: see here: https://github.com/regro/cf-autotick-bot-action/blob/master/conda_forge_tick_action/automerge.py#L16
<issue_comment>username_4: Let me explain why noarch: generic R packages need to be built.

First of all, it's not `noarch: r `unlike `noarch: python`. `noarch: python` does a few things,
1. Extract the files in the same format for OS+arch.
2. Create the correct site-packages directory and move the files there.
3. Create `.pyc` in post-linking stage
4. Other things like entry_points which is not really important for this discussion

What `noarch: generic` does is 1. only. For R packages 2 and 4 are not important.
Equivalent to 3 would be the `.rdx` files. Unlike python, R doesn't install regular `.R` files. Only these bytecode objects. So importing one from a different minor version gives a warning and a different major version gives an error.

This can be worked around by generating these at post-link stage for major versions (for minor versions, we can ignore the warning by changing the max_pin), but this needs support in conda.

TL;DR: `noarch:generic` is noarch for OS+arch only and needs a rebuild for each R version.
<issue_comment>username_0: Thank you for finally posting this info per the request at the top of the comments! I am going to have a pass at adding a rebuild noarch option. Hopefully, this doesn't confuse the bot terribly. We are stopped right now because another bug appears to not have been fixed.
<issue_comment>username_2: The migration now include noarch packages<issue_closed>
<issue_comment>username_2: Great work everyone!!
<issue_comment>username_5: Wow! Does that mean we are done completely?! If so, this has to be some kind of record 😄
<issue_comment>username_0: Everything but a few tens of packages that depend on r-rjava and a handful of stragglers as usual. ;p
<issue_comment>username_2: `r-rjava` is still outstanding but we're mostly there (5 in PR, 5 awaiting, 20 pending). The automerge combined with the bot is truly spectacular. I'm looking forward to seeing how this impacts the python 3.9 rollout.
<issue_comment>username_0: And mamba. It doesn’t work without mamba.
<issue_comment>username_2: Truth
<issue_comment>username_5: That sounds done to me 😉

Great work! 😄"
TheOdinProject/theodinproject,77308759,130,"{'number': 130.0, 'repo': 'theodinproject', 'user_login': 'TheOdinProject'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'KevinMulhern', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2015-05-17T13:18:44Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""The current method of finding groups on odin is cumbersome as the user has to go into the account dropdown and then into study groups and then scan through the list of meet ups. It's hidden in a sense and I would bet money that some users on TOP haven't even found the list of meetups and groups because you really have to go looking for it.\r\n\r\nA social drop down right on the navbar will be immediately visible and will be much more user friendly. with the integration of a slack chat it will make the odin project a much more social experience by bringing together everyone who is working through it."", 'title': 'Added social option on navbar', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'eriktrautman', 'comment_id': 102892733.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-18 02:20:12+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Hi Kevin, where did the Heroku app come from and how does it link to Slack?  We have an existing Slack group that we're working on linking with the rest of the course."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'KevinMulhern', 'comment_id': 102936389.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-18 06:26:08+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Hi Erik,\r\nI used this project to set up the invite page: https://github.com/rauchg/slackin. I can add you to and whoever else you want as admins to the slack we setup if you wish. We all ready have quite a few users who have signed up.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'KevinMulhern', 'comment_id': 102936454.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-18 06:26:46+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'sorry, I forgot to mention It links to slack using an api key.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'nhquiroz', 'comment_id': 103231630.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-18 22:19:06+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""I think this feature is a must. Facebook group is quite hidden (only 197 members by now, I think the number of TOP registered users can be ten times that or more, statistics are needed too.). Also the channel is a must to provide instant feedback and help by the community and for the community. \r\n\r\nI've checked the Pivotal Tracker too and it's true there isn't any mention about something related, so I think it's better to use the existing one (which already has some users) instead of creating another."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'KevinMulhern', 'comment_id': 103650182.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-19 19:53:44+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Hey Erik, any word on this? sorry for my lack of patience. Just really anxious to get things moving.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'eriktrautman', 'comment_id': 103769990.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-20 05:51:17+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Whatever Slack integration we do, I'd like to link with our existing Slack channel (https://theodinproject.slack.com).  The Slackin tool is useful for this certainly.  @hgducharme and @craftykate have been running point on this but it's tricky sometimes for them to find the bandwidth to take on a PR like this since it requires integrating with their existing solutions.  When we roll out chat, we're going to do so completely (including email integration) and not piece-by-piece, so it's part of a larger strategy here and can't be implemented one bit at a time, hence the delay.  With 20,000 members on the site here, it needs to be done with some care."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'KevinMulhern', 'comment_id': 103808001.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-20 08:32:49+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""I totally understand if you want to use the existing slack, It could be easily integrated with what I have already done. It only takes 20 minutes to set up a new slackin page. Im obviously not privy to the vision that you have for chat on TOP, but I think that waiting until you have everything done with email integration etc, before you integrate a chat feature is the wrong way to go about things, especially when a good solution already exists and can be integrated in a short period of time. I have spoken to many TOP students about a chat feature and the demand is definitely there. Regardless,  I would be more than willing to help out if you need more man power with the feature's you have in mind. \r\n\r\nMy main inspiration for this PR was freecodecamps chat, it is the main feature that makes FCC standout and more makes it attractive to students. They use a pretty much identical solution with slack and email invites and it seems to be working out pretty well for them."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'nhquiroz', 'comment_id': 103933917.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-20 15:47:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'What\'s the point of integrating mail with slack? How long will this ""larger strategy"" take?\r\nPeople are migrating to FreeCodeCamp for ""details"" like this, just saying. If you don\'t believe me, google some reviews, read the opinions.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'eriktrautman', 'comment_id': 104127783.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-21 04:12:45+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""Have pulled this in and updated the welcome email to include a link to it.  Updated the links to point to the existing Slack channel and Slackin.  Thanks a lot for putting this together.  Will send an email to the students and call for moderators when able.  It'll be good to get a slow trickle of people into the chat at first just to test the dynamic anyway."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'jlampe1985', 'comment_id': 104129500.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-21 04:17:45+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': 'Are you using the slack you have created?  https://theodinproject.slack.com', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'eriktrautman', 'comment_id': 104129759.0, 'datetime': '2015-05-21 04:18:27+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'Yes', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Added social option on navbar
username_0: The current method of finding groups on odin is cumbersome as the user has to go into the account dropdown and then into study groups and then scan through the list of meet ups. It's hidden in a sense and I would bet money that some users on TOP haven't even found the list of meetups and groups because you really have to go looking for it.

A social drop down right on the navbar will be immediately visible and will be much more user friendly. with the integration of a slack chat it will make the odin project a much more social experience by bringing together everyone who is working through it.
<issue_comment>username_1: Hi Kevin, where did the Heroku app come from and how does it link to Slack?  We have an existing Slack group that we're working on linking with the rest of the course.
<issue_comment>username_0: Hi Erik,
I used this project to set up the invite page: https://github.com/rauchg/slackin. I can add you to and whoever else you want as admins to the slack we setup if you wish. We all ready have quite a few users who have signed up.
<issue_comment>username_0: sorry, I forgot to mention It links to slack using an api key.
<issue_comment>username_2: I think this feature is a must. Facebook group is quite hidden (only 197 members by now, I think the number of TOP registered users can be ten times that or more, statistics are needed too.). Also the channel is a must to provide instant feedback and help by the community and for the community. 

I've checked the Pivotal Tracker too and it's true there isn't any mention about something related, so I think it's better to use the existing one (which already has some users) instead of creating another.
<issue_comment>username_0: Hey Erik, any word on this? sorry for my lack of patience. Just really anxious to get things moving.
<issue_comment>username_1: Whatever Slack integration we do, I'd like to link with our existing Slack channel (https://theodinproject.slack.com).  The Slackin tool is useful for this certainly.  @hgducharme and @craftykate have been running point on this but it's tricky sometimes for them to find the bandwidth to take on a PR like this since it requires integrating with their existing solutions.  When we roll out chat, we're going to do so completely (including email integration) and not piece-by-piece, so it's part of a larger strategy here and can't be implemented one bit at a time, hence the delay.  With 20,000 members on the site here, it needs to be done with some care.
<issue_comment>username_0: I totally understand if you want to use the existing slack, It could be easily integrated with what I have already done. It only takes 20 minutes to set up a new slackin page. Im obviously not privy to the vision that you have for chat on TOP, but I think that waiting until you have everything done with email integration etc, before you integrate a chat feature is the wrong way to go about things, especially when a good solution already exists and can be integrated in a short period of time. I have spoken to many TOP students about a chat feature and the demand is definitely there. Regardless,  I would be more than willing to help out if you need more man power with the feature's you have in mind. 

My main inspiration for this PR was freecodecamps chat, it is the main feature that makes FCC standout and more makes it attractive to students. They use a pretty much identical solution with slack and email invites and it seems to be working out pretty well for them.
<issue_comment>username_2: What's the point of integrating mail with slack? How long will this ""larger strategy"" take?
People are migrating to FreeCodeCamp for ""details"" like this, just saying. If you don't believe me, google some reviews, read the opinions.
<issue_comment>username_1: Have pulled this in and updated the welcome email to include a link to it.  Updated the links to point to the existing Slack channel and Slackin.  Thanks a lot for putting this together.  Will send an email to the students and call for moderators when able.  It'll be good to get a slow trickle of people into the chat at first just to test the dynamic anyway.
<issue_comment>username_3: Are you using the slack you have created?  https://theodinproject.slack.com
<issue_comment>username_1: Yes"
facebook/docusaurus,1082369535,6113,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'slorber', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-12-16 15:55:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '### Have you read the Contributing Guidelines on issues?\n\n- [X] I have read the [Contributing Guidelines on issues](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-new-issues).\n\n### Motivation\n\nNote: this is a living draft that we will keep up-to-date. \r\n\r\nIt\'s possible that what you read now changes significantly over time according to feedback.\r\n\r\n# The road to 2.0\r\n\r\nA meta-issue to prepare ourselves for the official 2.0 release.\r\n\r\n---\r\n\r\nGitHub milestone including related issues to track: https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/15\r\n\r\n---\r\n\r\n## Current state of 2.0.beta\r\n\r\n- We have been in alpha/beta for a very long time\r\n- Not releasing 2.0 is confusing for the community, bad for marketing, and we shouldn\'t delay it much more\r\n- For most users, Docusaurus is stable and upgrading is easy\r\n- For power users, some customizations remain fragile and might break when upgrading\r\n\r\nRemaining problems: \r\n- some quite common site customizations remain too complex/fragile to achieve\r\n- the theming API surface is too implicit, it\'s hard to understand what is public/private API surface\r\n- `docusaurus swizzle` is confusing, does not offer the best DX, and does not nudge users to adopt site customization best practices\r\n\r\n## Respecting [SemVer](https://semver.org/)\r\n\r\nOnce 2.0 is released, we really want to respect Semantic Versioning.\r\n\r\nA breaking change should lead us to increase the major version number.\r\n\r\nThis also means that we shouldn\'t be afraid to release new major versions of Docusaurus quite soon.\r\n\r\nFor example, we could end up releasing Docusaurus 5 in 2022 for example, this is what many other frameworks do (cf Next.js 12, Electron 16, Expo 44...). \r\n\r\nA major version should not be synonymous with a total rewrite of Docusaurus like it was the case for v1 -> v2.\r\n\r\n**Respecting SemVer is important for multiple reasons**:\r\n- It is a reasonable expectation from our user base\r\n- It is a marketing opportunity: each major version could have a dedicated blog post with an overview of new features highlight and breaking changes\r\n- Users that only use the public API surface can safely upgrade to a new minor version: they shouldn\'t need to read changelogs nor test their site in depth.\r\n\r\n**Adopting SemVer now is complicated**:\r\n- Adopting SemVer is only possible if we have a deterministic way to qualify a PR as a breaking change\r\n- Our theming public API is too unclear for, and we don\'t have strict rules to tell if a PR is for sure a breaking change.\r\n\r\n## Goal for 2.0\r\n\r\n- Make the public theming API surface more explicit\r\n- Communicate better what is safe/unsafe to swizzle\r\n- Rework the ""swizzle DX""\r\n- Encourage users to adopt best practices that make customizations less fragile\r\n- Do some final cleanup: it\'s a good time to remove/refactor some old/deprecated/confusing APIs\r\n\r\nThe goal is **not** to make all possible customizations use-cases possible through a public API, but only to make it clear what the public API is. We will try to allow the most common customizations to be made through a public API, but not in an exhaustive way, and swizzling unsafe private APIs will remain possible for non-covered use-cases.\r\n\r\n\r\n## After 2.0 release\r\n\r\nAt this point:\r\n- we should have a clear public API surface\r\n- we should be able to respect SemVer\r\n\r\nThere are a lot of important issues and features that we plan to address, that will come after 2.0, in upcoming major versions. \r\n\r\nSee for example the 3.0 milestone (draft): https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/16\r\n\r\nNote: this does not mean that these important features are delayed, it is just that we want 2.0 to land asap.\r\n\r\nI believe releasing a new major version per trimester is a good release cadence, but we\'ll figure this out.\r\n\r\n### Git organization\r\n\r\n[Truncated]\nWe will have 2 live git branches:\r\n- `next` for 3.0 work-in-progress\r\n- `main` for 2.x\r\n\r\nBoth branches will publish canary releases to make it easy to test newly merged features and provide feedback from early adopters.\r\n\r\nWe\'ll regularly merge 2.0 in 3.0.\r\n\r\nOccasionally, we may backport important fixes/features from 3.0 to 2.0\r\n\r\nTo avoid bumping the major version too regularly, we\'ll throttle/batch the planned breaking changes for the next major release\r\n\r\n\r\n---\r\n\r\nThat\'s all, feel free to provide any feedback here or in any of the milestone issues: https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/15\n\n### Self-service\n\n- [X] I\'d be willing to do some initial work on this proposal myself.', 'title': 'The road to 2.0', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'JoelMarcey', 'comment_id': 996416002.0, 'datetime': '2021-12-17 03:54:24+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'cc @zpao', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'HonkingGoose', 'comment_id': 1002637020.0, 'datetime': '2021-12-29 15:02:44+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'So the ""deterministic way"" is for a human to figure out: ""What kind of change am I making in this PR?, and then using the proper prefix like `feat:`, `fix`, `chore:` or whatever is appropriate"".\r\n\r\nI recommend you write down in a document what kind of changes are considered breaking, and which are considered patches/features. This way contributors can figure out themselves what kind of PR title/commit message they need to use.\r\n\r\nOver on the Renovate bot repository we ""squash merge"" PRs into our `main` production branch, so we can always edit the commit message/PR title before the final merge, to fix any mistakes.\r\n\r\n### Optional: automating releases with `semantic-release`\r\n\r\nOnce you use Conventional Commits, you can then start using `semantic-release` to automate your release process. I don\'t know enough to help with setting up `semantic-release`. Maybe the maintainers of `semantic-release` are willing to help you get setup, pinging @gr2m and @username_3 for comments/ideas/offers to help? 😉 \r\n\r\n## Automating dependency updates\r\n\r\nI propose that issue https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/3552 gets added to the roadmap for the `2.0.0` release. I think you will benefit massively from using Renovate to get notified of updates, and getting automatic update PRs.\r\n\r\n[^cc-spec]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'travi', 'comment_id': 1002646493.0, 'datetime': '2021-12-29 15:22:37+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_3', 'text': 'Our [getting started docs] (https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/usage/getting-started) should cover most of the necessary details. If you find gaps, feel free to open a discussion under our main repository or suggest a docs improvement by opening a PR.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'slorber', 'comment_id': 1002664159.0, 'datetime': '2021-12-29 16:01:38+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""This is what we try to define here. To be able to tell for sure what is breaking and what is not, we have to make some code changes so that it becomes clearer.\r\n\r\nAll PRs are already squashed for a long time and commit messages are chosen carefully by core team members.\r\n\r\nIf we write this doc, it's for us, and not external contributors: because it's already hard for the core team to be sure something is to be considered as a breaking change"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'HonkingGoose', 'comment_id': 1003951089.0, 'datetime': '2022-01-03 09:04:11+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""Oh okay, I thought it would be nice to mention `semantic-release` as a way to simplify the release process. 😄 🙈\r\n\r\nI'll stop commenting on this issue now, and let you get on with things. 😉"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'Jelboy15', 'comment_id': 1062527441.0, 'datetime': '2022-03-09 03:51:02+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_4', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: The road to 2.0
username_0: ### Have you read the Contributing Guidelines on issues?

- [X] I have read the [Contributing Guidelines on issues](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-new-issues).

### Motivation

Note: this is a living draft that we will keep up-to-date. 

It's possible that what you read now changes significantly over time according to feedback.

# The road to 2.0

A meta-issue to prepare ourselves for the official 2.0 release.

---

GitHub milestone including related issues to track: https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/15

---

## Current state of 2.0.beta

- We have been in alpha/beta for a very long time
- Not releasing 2.0 is confusing for the community, bad for marketing, and we shouldn't delay it much more
- For most users, Docusaurus is stable and upgrading is easy
- For power users, some customizations remain fragile and might break when upgrading

Remaining problems: 
- some quite common site customizations remain too complex/fragile to achieve
- the theming API surface is too implicit, it's hard to understand what is public/private API surface
- `docusaurus swizzle` is confusing, does not offer the best DX, and does not nudge users to adopt site customization best practices

## Respecting [SemVer](https://semver.org/)

Once 2.0 is released, we really want to respect Semantic Versioning.

A breaking change should lead us to increase the major version number.

This also means that we shouldn't be afraid to release new major versions of Docusaurus quite soon.

For example, we could end up releasing Docusaurus 5 in 2022 for example, this is what many other frameworks do (cf Next.js 12, Electron 16, Expo 44...). 

A major version should not be synonymous with a total rewrite of Docusaurus like it was the case for v1 -> v2.

**Respecting SemVer is important for multiple reasons**:
- It is a reasonable expectation from our user base
- It is a marketing opportunity: each major version could have a dedicated blog post with an overview of new features highlight and breaking changes
- Users that only use the public API surface can safely upgrade to a new minor version: they shouldn't need to read changelogs nor test their site in depth.

**Adopting SemVer now is complicated**:
- Adopting SemVer is only possible if we have a deterministic way to qualify a PR as a breaking change
- Our theming public API is too unclear for, and we don't have strict rules to tell if a PR is for sure a breaking change.

## Goal for 2.0

- Make the public theming API surface more explicit
- Communicate better what is safe/unsafe to swizzle
- Rework the ""swizzle DX""
- Encourage users to adopt best practices that make customizations less fragile
- Do some final cleanup: it's a good time to remove/refactor some old/deprecated/confusing APIs

The goal is **not** to make all possible customizations use-cases possible through a public API, but only to make it clear what the public API is. We will try to allow the most common customizations to be made through a public API, but not in an exhaustive way, and swizzling unsafe private APIs will remain possible for non-covered use-cases.


## After 2.0 release

At this point:
- we should have a clear public API surface
- we should be able to respect SemVer

There are a lot of important issues and features that we plan to address, that will come after 2.0, in upcoming major versions. 

See for example the 3.0 milestone (draft): https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/16

Note: this does not mean that these important features are delayed, it is just that we want 2.0 to land asap.

I believe releasing a new major version per trimester is a good release cadence, but we'll figure this out.

### Git organization

[Truncated]
We will have 2 live git branches:
- `next` for 3.0 work-in-progress
- `main` for 2.x

Both branches will publish canary releases to make it easy to test newly merged features and provide feedback from early adopters.

We'll regularly merge 2.0 in 3.0.

Occasionally, we may backport important fixes/features from 3.0 to 2.0

To avoid bumping the major version too regularly, we'll throttle/batch the planned breaking changes for the next major release


---

That's all, feel free to provide any feedback here or in any of the milestone issues: https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/milestone/15

### Self-service

- [X] I'd be willing to do some initial work on this proposal myself.
<issue_comment>username_1: cc @zpao
<issue_comment>username_2: So the ""deterministic way"" is for a human to figure out: ""What kind of change am I making in this PR?, and then using the proper prefix like `feat:`, `fix`, `chore:` or whatever is appropriate"".

I recommend you write down in a document what kind of changes are considered breaking, and which are considered patches/features. This way contributors can figure out themselves what kind of PR title/commit message they need to use.

Over on the Renovate bot repository we ""squash merge"" PRs into our `main` production branch, so we can always edit the commit message/PR title before the final merge, to fix any mistakes.

### Optional: automating releases with `semantic-release`

Once you use Conventional Commits, you can then start using `semantic-release` to automate your release process. I don't know enough to help with setting up `semantic-release`. Maybe the maintainers of `semantic-release` are willing to help you get setup, pinging @gr2m and @username_3 for comments/ideas/offers to help? 😉 

## Automating dependency updates

I propose that issue https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/3552 gets added to the roadmap for the `2.0.0` release. I think you will benefit massively from using Renovate to get notified of updates, and getting automatic update PRs.

[^cc-spec]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
<issue_comment>username_3: Our [getting started docs] (https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/usage/getting-started) should cover most of the necessary details. If you find gaps, feel free to open a discussion under our main repository or suggest a docs improvement by opening a PR.
<issue_comment>username_0: This is what we try to define here. To be able to tell for sure what is breaking and what is not, we have to make some code changes so that it becomes clearer.

All PRs are already squashed for a long time and commit messages are chosen carefully by core team members.

If we write this doc, it's for us, and not external contributors: because it's already hard for the core team to be sure something is to be considered as a breaking change
<issue_comment>username_2: Oh okay, I thought it would be nice to mention `semantic-release` as a way to simplify the release process. 😄 🙈

I'll stop commenting on this issue now, and let you get on with things. 😉"
facebook/docusaurus,518087479,1941,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'binarylogic', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2019-11-05 22:22:47+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '## 🐛 Bug Report\r\n\r\nCurrently, the `themeConfig.navbar.links` array requires that the `""Docs""` refer to an individual document. While this works there are 2 problems:\r\n\r\n1. Users navigating to just `/docs` get a 404.\r\n2. The `""Docs""` navbar item does not remain highlighted if the user navigates around to other pages with in the Docs section.\r\n\r\n### Have you read the [Contributing Guidelines on issues](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-new-issues)?\r\n\r\nYes\r\n\r\n## To Reproduce\r\n\r\n(Write your steps here:)\r\n\r\n1. Go here: https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/\r\n1. Notice when you change pages the ""Docs"" navbar item is not ""active"". Ex: https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/contributing\r\n\r\n## Expected behavior\r\n\r\n1. `/docs` should render `docs/index.md` or redirect to a specificed document.\r\n2. The navbar item remains active as long as you are in the `/docs` sectiono.\r\n\r\n## Actual Behavior\r\n\r\nSee above.\r\n\r\n## Reproducible Demo\r\n\r\nSee above', 'title': 'Docs index page and navbar highlighting', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'endiliey', 'comment_id': 550171750.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-06 06:51:51+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'I don\'t think its a bug. The thing is, `themeConfig.navbar.links` is just a helper for you to link to internal pages, and ""Docs"" is just a **Label**.\r\n\r\nIn docusaurus, it is possible to have multiple sidebars. See https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/sidebar\r\nExample:\r\n```js\r\n// sidebars.js\r\nmodule.exports = {\r\n  docs: {\r\n    Docusaurus: [\'introduction\', \'design-principles\', \'contributing\'],\r\n    \'Getting Started\': [\'installation\', \'configuration\'],\r\n  },\r\n  ""API"": {\r\n    \'API Reference\': [\r\n      \'cli\',\r\n      \'docusaurus-core\',\r\n      \'docusaurus.config.js\',\r\n      \'lifecycle-apis\',\r\n    ],\r\n  },\r\n};\r\n```\r\n\r\nI could change my  `themeConfig.navbar.links` to\r\n```js\r\n// docusaurus/config.js\r\nmodule.exports = {\r\n  themeConfig: {\r\n    navbar: {\r\n      links: [\r\n        {to: \'docs/introduction\', label: \'Introduction\', position: \'left\'},\r\n        {to: \'docs/cli\', label: \'API\', position: \'left\'},\r\n        // ... other links\r\n      ],\r\n    }\r\n}\r\n```\r\n\r\nWhich yields accessing /docs/introduction\r\n<img width=""958"" alt=""1"" src=""https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17883920/68274736-7c634480-009c-11ea-99e1-55659012eab1.PNG"">\r\n\r\n/docs/cli\r\n<img width=""955"" alt=""2"" src=""https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17883920/68274737-7cfbdb00-009c-11ea-9f27-f829f77e652c.PNG"">\r\n\r\nIt\'s gonna be weird if i go to /docs/cli, both Navbar `introduction` and `API` is highlighted', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'endiliey', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2019-11-06 06:54:29+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'binarylogic', 'comment_id': 550393562.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-06 16:38:11+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Thanks. I understand your example but is anyone actually doing that? It seems like you're favoring an edge case at the expense of sacrificing the commonly desired behavior. A _much_ better solution to your example would be a sub-menu under docs. Ex:\r\n\r\n```\r\n- Docs (/docs)\r\n   - Introduction (/docs/introduction)\r\n   - API (/docs/api)\r\n```\r\n\r\nIt appears [Infima supports this](https://infima-dev.netlify.com/), and I noticed it is a [feedback request](https://v2.docusaurus.io/feedback/p/navbar-item-dropdown-support).\r\n\r\nIt's typically best practice for the navigation organization to follow the URL structure.\r\n\r\nDoes that make sense? Do you agree?"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'binarylogic', 'comment_id': 550394463.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-06 16:40:03+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Oh, and it's still not clear how I can enable the `/docs` route, even if that's just redirecting to another page. Having `/docs` `404` is a pretty poor user experience."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'endiliey', 'comment_id': 550979258.0, 'datetime': '2019-11-07 08:39:16+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""I guess the main problem is more on **how to create** `/docs` route. \r\n\r\nBecause if `/docs` exist.\r\n```js\r\n{to: 'docs', label: 'Docs', position: 'left'},\r\n```\r\n\r\nWill always be highlighted when you are in `/docs/introduction` for example. Our navbar highlighting is powered by react-router NavLink.\r\n\r\nYou might want to wait https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/1946 to land first before you can actually create `/docs` on your own even if its a redirect"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Docs index page and navbar highlighting
username_0: ## 🐛 Bug Report

Currently, the `themeConfig.navbar.links` array requires that the `""Docs""` refer to an individual document. While this works there are 2 problems:

1. Users navigating to just `/docs` get a 404.
2. The `""Docs""` navbar item does not remain highlighted if the user navigates around to other pages with in the Docs section.

### Have you read the [Contributing Guidelines on issues](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-new-issues)?

Yes

## To Reproduce

(Write your steps here:)

1. Go here: https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/
1. Notice when you change pages the ""Docs"" navbar item is not ""active"". Ex: https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/contributing

## Expected behavior

1. `/docs` should render `docs/index.md` or redirect to a specificed document.
2. The navbar item remains active as long as you are in the `/docs` sectiono.

## Actual Behavior

See above.

## Reproducible Demo

See above
<issue_comment>username_1: I don't think its a bug. The thing is, `themeConfig.navbar.links` is just a helper for you to link to internal pages, and ""Docs"" is just a **Label**.

In docusaurus, it is possible to have multiple sidebars. See https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/sidebar
Example:
```js
// sidebars.js
module.exports = {
  docs: {
    Docusaurus: ['introduction', 'design-principles', 'contributing'],
    'Getting Started': ['installation', 'configuration'],
  },
  ""API"": {
    'API Reference': [
      'cli',
      'docusaurus-core',
      'docusaurus.config.js',
      'lifecycle-apis',
    ],
  },
};
```

I could change my  `themeConfig.navbar.links` to
```js
// docusaurus/config.js
module.exports = {
  themeConfig: {
    navbar: {
      links: [
        {to: 'docs/introduction', label: 'Introduction', position: 'left'},
        {to: 'docs/cli', label: 'API', position: 'left'},
        // ... other links
      ],
    }
}
```

Which yields accessing /docs/introduction
<img width=""958"" alt=""1"" src=""https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17883920/68274736-7c634480-009c-11ea-99e1-55659012eab1.PNG"">

/docs/cli
<img width=""955"" alt=""2"" src=""https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17883920/68274737-7cfbdb00-009c-11ea-9f27-f829f77e652c.PNG"">

It's gonna be weird if i go to /docs/cli, both Navbar `introduction` and `API` is highlighted<issue_closed>
<issue_comment>username_0: Thanks. I understand your example but is anyone actually doing that? It seems like you're favoring an edge case at the expense of sacrificing the commonly desired behavior. A _much_ better solution to your example would be a sub-menu under docs. Ex:

```
- Docs (/docs)
   - Introduction (/docs/introduction)
   - API (/docs/api)
```

It appears [Infima supports this](https://infima-dev.netlify.com/), and I noticed it is a [feedback request](https://v2.docusaurus.io/feedback/p/navbar-item-dropdown-support).

It's typically best practice for the navigation organization to follow the URL structure.

Does that make sense? Do you agree?
<issue_comment>username_0: Oh, and it's still not clear how I can enable the `/docs` route, even if that's just redirecting to another page. Having `/docs` `404` is a pretty poor user experience.
<issue_comment>username_1: I guess the main problem is more on **how to create** `/docs` route. 

Because if `/docs` exist.
```js
{to: 'docs', label: 'Docs', position: 'left'},
```

Will always be highlighted when you are in `/docs/introduction` for example. Our navbar highlighting is powered by react-router NavLink.

You might want to wait https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/1946 to land first before you can actually create `/docs` on your own even if its a redirect"
processing/p5.js-website,242911614,119,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'gamontec', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2017-07-14 06:45:19+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'this is the footer:\r\nIf you see any errors or have suggestions, please let us know.\r\nit should be in spanish', 'title': 'reference footer is still in english on the spanish site', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'montoyamoraga', 'comment_id': 320484363.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-06 04:05:40+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '@username_2 i can\'t find a way to translate to spanish the footer of the reference, also the menu to the side won\'t translate and the ""Search the API"" text and ""Can\'t find what you\'re looking for? ..."" text broke again, can\'t find where to translate it, sorry =(', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'lmccart', 'comment_id': 320516249.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-06 16:11:55+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""The reference is really tricky because it is built first by the p5.js repo, then moved over to the p5.js-website repo, then translated on the front end. You can see the script that does the translation on page load here:\r\nhttps://github.com/processing/p5.js/blob/master/docs/yuidoc-p5-theme/layouts/main.handlebars#L133\r\n\r\nyou'll notice where 'h1' is being translated, and how that corresponds to the value in your json file via translations['h1']. then the next three lines under that are responsible for swapping all the subject headings in the reference main page.\r\n\r\nso maybe you want to take a stab at this? it means adding entries for the other parts of the reference that require translation. you would first add entries into your .json file, then add the corresponding jquery to swap in that data (similar to how it's done with h1). then built the reference, move it over, and test that it works.\r\n\r\ntip: since the build and move process is a little tedious for testing. I normally start by building the site (`grunt server`), then just messing around with this file: https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131. you can just edit and refresh and don't even need to rebuild the website for changes. when you've found the jquery that works correctly, you can go back and add it into the p5.js repo in the main.handlebars file.\r\n\r\ndoes that make sense?"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'lmccart', 'comment_id': 320516312.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-06 16:12:54+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""my hope is that this process gets easier and less convoluted later. but it involves a deeper dive into how the reference is generated and built, and I don't want to slow down the website i18n release for it right now."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'montoyamoraga', 'comment_id': 321196550.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-09 08:58:48+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'I added a lot of entries to the json file [https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/src/data/reference/es.json](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/src/data/reference/es.json) and then have been toying around with the file [https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131), but no results so far, I think I\'m doing something wrong.\r\n\r\nI tried to translate the footer and the sidebar menu to no result, even when i commented out line 48 with the motto ""Processing Intuition times JavaScript power"" it didn\'t disappear.\r\n\r\nCan you help me with the footer or sidebar? I tried a lot of combinations of using classes and ids as jquery selectors and .html and .text functions, to no effect =(\r\n\r\nAlso, after I succeed, I understood the part of modifying the main.handlebars file, but after modifying it, I\'m not sure what\'s the next step of ""moving"".\r\n\r\nBest!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'lmccart', 'comment_id': 321318710.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-09 17:06:14+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'are you able to get any changes to have an effect? for example, if you change the replacement string in the existing h1 line, can you get ""Reference"" to swap to ""Text Change"" or something?\r\n\r\nregarding the changes to handlebars:\r\nfirst run:\r\n`grunt requirejs:yuidoc_theme` to regenerate the template for the reference pages\r\nthen run:\r\n`grunt yui` to generate the reference itself\r\nthen copy the folder `p5.js/docs/reference` to `p5.js-website/dist/` and `p5.js-website/dist/es`\r\n\r\nit just occurred to me, I might have linked you to the wrong file... if you are editing the `dist/reference/index.html` it will only affect the english page, so you will see no change. you actually need to change the file `dist/es/reference/index.html`. ack sorry!!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'montoyamoraga', 'comment_id': 321396008.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-09 22:13:15+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': ""@username_2 that was it! i was translating the english one, that's why i had given up, not even the slightest change was showing up, now I am actually able to do changes, thanks!! =)"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'lmccart', 'comment_id': 321439558.0, 'datetime': '2017-08-10 03:17:46+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': 'doh sorry, that was totally my bad!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'montoyamoraga', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2018-03-05 17:40:09+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: reference footer is still in english on the spanish site
username_0: this is the footer:
If you see any errors or have suggestions, please let us know.
it should be in spanish
<issue_comment>username_1: @username_2 i can't find a way to translate to spanish the footer of the reference, also the menu to the side won't translate and the ""Search the API"" text and ""Can't find what you're looking for? ..."" text broke again, can't find where to translate it, sorry =(
<issue_comment>username_2: The reference is really tricky because it is built first by the p5.js repo, then moved over to the p5.js-website repo, then translated on the front end. You can see the script that does the translation on page load here:
https://github.com/processing/p5.js/blob/master/docs/yuidoc-p5-theme/layouts/main.handlebars#L133

you'll notice where 'h1' is being translated, and how that corresponds to the value in your json file via translations['h1']. then the next three lines under that are responsible for swapping all the subject headings in the reference main page.

so maybe you want to take a stab at this? it means adding entries for the other parts of the reference that require translation. you would first add entries into your .json file, then add the corresponding jquery to swap in that data (similar to how it's done with h1). then built the reference, move it over, and test that it works.

tip: since the build and move process is a little tedious for testing. I normally start by building the site (`grunt server`), then just messing around with this file: https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131. you can just edit and refresh and don't even need to rebuild the website for changes. when you've found the jquery that works correctly, you can go back and add it into the p5.js repo in the main.handlebars file.

does that make sense?
<issue_comment>username_2: my hope is that this process gets easier and less convoluted later. but it involves a deeper dive into how the reference is generated and built, and I don't want to slow down the website i18n release for it right now.
<issue_comment>username_1: I added a lot of entries to the json file [https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/src/data/reference/es.json](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/src/data/reference/es.json) and then have been toying around with the file [https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-website/blob/master/dist/reference/index.html#L131), but no results so far, I think I'm doing something wrong.

I tried to translate the footer and the sidebar menu to no result, even when i commented out line 48 with the motto ""Processing Intuition times JavaScript power"" it didn't disappear.

Can you help me with the footer or sidebar? I tried a lot of combinations of using classes and ids as jquery selectors and .html and .text functions, to no effect =(

Also, after I succeed, I understood the part of modifying the main.handlebars file, but after modifying it, I'm not sure what's the next step of ""moving"".

Best!
<issue_comment>username_2: are you able to get any changes to have an effect? for example, if you change the replacement string in the existing h1 line, can you get ""Reference"" to swap to ""Text Change"" or something?

regarding the changes to handlebars:
first run:
`grunt requirejs:yuidoc_theme` to regenerate the template for the reference pages
then run:
`grunt yui` to generate the reference itself
then copy the folder `p5.js/docs/reference` to `p5.js-website/dist/` and `p5.js-website/dist/es`

it just occurred to me, I might have linked you to the wrong file... if you are editing the `dist/reference/index.html` it will only affect the english page, so you will see no change. you actually need to change the file `dist/es/reference/index.html`. ack sorry!!
<issue_comment>username_1: @username_2 that was it! i was translating the english one, that's why i had given up, not even the slightest change was showing up, now I am actually able to do changes, thanks!! =)
<issue_comment>username_2: doh sorry, that was totally my bad!<issue_closed>"
istio/istio.io,835754463,9317,"{'number': 9317.0, 'repo': 'istio.io', 'user_login': 'istio'}","[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-03-19T09:31:56Z', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""We use Istio at Thought Machine and would be pleased to add our logo to the list of customers.\r\nI'll be happy to confirm this request from my upchh@example.com email address. \r\n\r\nA little about us:\r\nThought Machine has built the next generation of core banking technology. \r\nOur core banking engine Vault is powering the smartest, most ambitious banks in the world. With our software, banks can tap into all the benefits of cloud infrastructure – speed, security, resilience, availability and continuous innovation to create brilliant customer-centric propositions.\r\n\r\nFew providers deliver on the promise of cloud native technology. \r\nAt Thought Machine, it’s in our DNA. \r\n\r\n[ ] Configuration Infrastructure\r\n[X] Docs\r\n[ ] Installation\r\n[ ] Networking\r\n[ ] Performance and Scalability\r\n[ ] Policies and Telemetry\r\n[ ] Security\r\n[ ] Test and Release\r\n[ ] User Experience\r\n[ ] Developer Infrastructure"", 'title': 'Add Thought Machine customer logo', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 802690571.0, 'datetime': '2021-03-19 09:36:54+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""I'm onto it w.r.t the CLA!"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 802819388.0, 'datetime': '2021-03-19 13:06:03+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '@googlebot I signed it!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 802825993.0, 'datetime': '2021-03-19 13:17:32+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Looks like this CLA may take a couple of days to go through while someone at Google checks it. I'll be back.. 😎"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'craigbox', 'comment_id': 804786068.0, 'datetime': '2021-03-23 10:20:08+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': '(I am sorry for how tedious this is)\r\n\r\nThought Machine is showing as having signed a CLA.  Are you in the group of people who it covers, Rory?\r\nhttps://cla.developers.google.com/about#add-contributors', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 804809461.0, 'datetime': '2021-03-23 10:58:41+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""Aha that's okay thank you. I appreciate you taking a look.\r\n\r\nSomething must be wrong here because I'm not seeing any CLA memberships for my user which is in the correct group. I've emailed ychag@example.com to find out what's wrong here. \r\n\r\nJust in case.. @googlebot I signed it!"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 814113155.0, 'datetime': '2021-04-06 13:18:59+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '@googlebot I signed it!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'RoryCrispin', 'comment_id': 814113608.0, 'datetime': '2021-04-06 13:19:38+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '/retest', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: Add Thought Machine customer logo
username_0: We use Istio at Thought Machine and would be pleased to add our logo to the list of customers.
I'll be happy to confirm this request from my rory@thoughtmachine.net email address. 

A little about us:
Thought Machine has built the next generation of core banking technology. 
Our core banking engine Vault is powering the smartest, most ambitious banks in the world. With our software, banks can tap into all the benefits of cloud infrastructure – speed, security, resilience, availability and continuous innovation to create brilliant customer-centric propositions.

Few providers deliver on the promise of cloud native technology. 
At Thought Machine, it’s in our DNA. 

[ ] Configuration Infrastructure
[X] Docs
[ ] Installation
[ ] Networking
[ ] Performance and Scalability
[ ] Policies and Telemetry
[ ] Security
[ ] Test and Release
[ ] User Experience
[ ] Developer Infrastructure
<issue_comment>username_0: I'm onto it w.r.t the CLA!
<issue_comment>username_0: @googlebot I signed it!
<issue_comment>username_0: Looks like this CLA may take a couple of days to go through while someone at Google checks it. I'll be back.. 😎
<issue_comment>username_1: (I am sorry for how tedious this is)

Thought Machine is showing as having signed a CLA.  Are you in the group of people who it covers, Rory?
https://cla.developers.google.com/about#add-contributors
<issue_comment>username_0: Aha that's okay thank you. I appreciate you taking a look.

Something must be wrong here because I'm not seeing any CLA memberships for my user which is in the correct group. I've emailed cla-submissions@google.com to find out what's wrong here. 

Just in case.. @googlebot I signed it!
<issue_comment>username_0: @googlebot I signed it!
<issue_comment>username_0: /retest"
godotengine/godot-website,778337815,229,,"[{'action': 'opened', 'author': 'FlashDaggerX', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:17:14+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '**Operating system, Browser, Browser Version:**\r\nDebian Linux (Buster), Firefox 84\r\n\r\n**Issue description:**\r\nOn all pages of the site, the logo appears twice. One instance is a dark theme variant, the other is a light theme variant.\r\n\r\nI think it happens here (introduced in #218?)\r\nhttps://github.com/godotengine/godot-website/blob/6edb7650e44d5dd631dc59afe408d38e473ddac8/themes/godotengine/partials/header.htm#L14-L17\r\n\r\n**Screenshots (greatly appreciated if it’s a style issue)**\r\n![out](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103575502-d37ec800-4e9f-11eb-890d-7cf006bb007c.png)\r\n![out2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103575505-d5488b80-4e9f-11eb-898d-7896a6ca269a.png)', 'title': 'The logo shows up twice on the header (affects all pages)', 'type': 'issue'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'FlashDaggerX', 'comment_id': 754198809.0, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:25:48+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': ""To clarify, I don't think this is happens to everyone. I can't set the dark theme in my browser currently, but my phone picks up on the dark theme just fine and uses the appropriate logo.\r\n\r\nTaken on a **Moto G8 Power, Android 10, Firefox 84.1.2**\r\n![Screenshot_20210104-152144~2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103576357-037a9b00-4ea1-11eb-927f-8e177179d778.png)"", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'pycbouh', 'comment_id': 754205714.0, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:39:43+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_1', 'text': 'You need to flush your browser cache. The issue happens because your browser gives you an outdated CSS file, but the layout served by the server it new. Press Ctrl-F5, it should help.', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'Calinou', 'comment_id': 754207245.0, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:42:45+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_2', 'text': ""This is a caching issue, which can't be solved on our end until we add proper cache headers."", 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'created', 'author': 'FlashDaggerX', 'comment_id': 754208301.0, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:44:56+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': 'Ah, clearing the cache does fix the issue. Sorry!', 'title': None, 'type': 'comment'}
 {'action': 'closed', 'author': 'FlashDaggerX', 'comment_id': None, 'datetime': '2021-01-04 20:46:53+00:00', 'masked_author': 'username_0', 'text': '', 'title': None, 'type': 'issue'}]","<issue_start><issue_comment>Title: The logo shows up twice on the header (affects all pages)
username_0: **Operating system, Browser, Browser Version:**
Debian Linux (Buster), Firefox 84

**Issue description:**
On all pages of the site, the logo appears twice. One instance is a dark theme variant, the other is a light theme variant.

I think it happens here (introduced in #218?)
https://github.com/godotengine/godot-website/blob/6edb7650e44d5dd631dc59afe408d38e473ddac8/themes/godotengine/partials/header.htm#L14-L17

**Screenshots (greatly appreciated if it’s a style issue)**
![out](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103575502-d37ec800-4e9f-11eb-890d-7cf006bb007c.png)
![out2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103575505-d5488b80-4e9f-11eb-898d-7896a6ca269a.png)
<issue_comment>username_0: To clarify, I don't think this is happens to everyone. I can't set the dark theme in my browser currently, but my phone picks up on the dark theme just fine and uses the appropriate logo.

Taken on a **Moto G8 Power, Android 10, Firefox 84.1.2**
![Screenshot_20210104-152144~2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23580612/103576357-037a9b00-4ea1-11eb-927f-8e177179d778.png)
<issue_comment>username_1: You need to flush your browser cache. The issue happens because your browser gives you an outdated CSS file, but the layout served by the server it new. Press Ctrl-F5, it should help.
<issue_comment>username_2: This is a caching issue, which can't be solved on our end until we add proper cache headers.
<issue_comment>username_0: Ah, clearing the cache does fix the issue. Sorry!<issue_closed>"
